TABLE OF CONTENTS
1.	Form G-1145 e-Notification of Application/Petition Acceptance
2.	Form I-140, Immigrant Petition for Alien Worker, with $700 filing fee
3.	Form I-907, Request for Premium Processing Service, with the $2,500 filing fee
4.	Photocopies of the passport, J-1 visa stamp, three Forms DS-2019 (last three years) and Form I-94 5. Initial Evidence in Support of the I-140 Immigrant Petition
6.	Statement from Dr. Razvan Marinescu detailing plans on how he intends to continue work in the
United States
7.	List of Exhibits
8.	Exhibits 1–25

Initial Evidence in Support of the I-140 Immigrant Petition
Petitioner and Beneficiary:	Razvan Marinescu
Classification Sought:	Employment-Based Immigration, First Preference Extraordinary Ability in Science (EB-1A). Sec. 203(b)(1) INA [8 U.S.C. 1153].
To whom it may concern,
This letter is respectfully submitted in support of the petition of Dr. Razvan Marinescu for classification as a qualified immigrant under the first preference employment immigration for Aliens of Extraordinary Ability pursuant to section 203(b)(1)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (“the Act”). This evidence shows that Dr. Marinescu is an alien of extraordinary ability in the sciences, specifically in Artificial Intelligence in Medicine, who sustained national and international acclaim and his achievements

have been recognized in the field of expertise. More precisely, this letter provides evidence that:
1.	Dr. Marinescu satisfies four [three is minimum, but if you can, do an extra one to be on the safe side] of ten criteria listed in 8 CFR, Section 204.5(h)(3), namely:
•	Evidence of Dr. Marinescu’s original scientific and scholarly contributions of major significance in the field. (section 2.1)
•	Dr. Marinescu’s authorship of scholarly articles in the field in professional media. (section 2.2)
•	Participation of Dr. Marinescu as a judge of the work of others in the field of Artificial Intelligence in Medicine (section 2.3) • Evidence that Dr. Marinescu has performed in a critical role for organizations that have a distinguished reputation. (section 2.4)
2.	Dr. Marinescu reached a level of expertise indicating that he is one of that small percentage who have risen to the very top of the field of Artificial Intelligence in Medicine – section 3.1.
3.	Dr. Marinescu sustained national or international acclaim and that his achievements have been recognized in the field of Artificial Intelligence in Medicine – section 3.2.
Pursuant to 8 CFR, Section 204.5(h)(1), Dr. Marinescu may file an I-140 visa petition for classification under Section 203(b)(1)(A) of the Act as an alien of extraordinary ability in the sciences on his own behalf.
Pursuant to 8 CFR, Section 204.5(h)(5), neither an offer for employment in the United States nor a labor certification is required for this classification.
1	Summary of Dr. Marinescu’s achievements and qualifications
Dr. Marinescu is a Postdoctoral Researcher in the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL) at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) [Exhibit 24]. Dr. Marinescu joined MIT in February 2019, after finishing his PhD from University College London (UCL). His research focuses on Artificial Intelligence (AI) for Medicine, with a strong focus on neuroscience applications. Before coming to the United States, he has lived in the United Kingdom for 8 years, where he pursued his undergraduate degree at Imperial College London and PhD at University College London, two leading universities worldwide [Exhibit 1] [Exhibit 23]. Dr. Marinescu graduated with First Class Honours in Computer Science at Imperial College London [Exhibit 23].
Dr. Marinescu works on Artificial Intelligence (AI) for Medicine, which involves creating state-of-the-art algorithms for understanding, preventing, and solving human diseases, thus enabling the highest quality healthcare for everyone. Artificial Intelligence is predicted to have a tremendous impact in healthcare, from enabling better decision making, to making medical scans and data of much better quality, faster and cheaper. Dr. Marinescu’s work in particular focuses on creating AI algorithms that perform medical diagnoses with unprecedented accuracy, and as early as possible, and AI algorithms that map the temporal progression of diseases. Dr. Marinescu has worked for more than 6 years on building Artificial Intelligence algorithms for predicting the progression of neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer’s disease, currently affecting more than 50 million people worldwide, as well as other neurodegenerative diseases such as Posterior Cortical Atrophy, Multiple Sclerosis and Frontotemporal dementia.
Dr. Marinescu has made contributions of major significance to the field of Artificial Intelligence in Medicine. He performed the first comprehensive study for estimating the progression of Posterior
Cortical Atrophy (section 2.1.1), a neurodegenerative syndrome affecting around 2.5 million people worldwide. He also created TADPOLE (section 2.1.2), the most widely-used challenge and benchmark for algorithms to predict Alzheimer’s disease, which had a major impact not just in academia, but also in the biopharmaceutical industry, due to fundamental implications on how Alzheimer’s patients are selected for clinical trials. Dr. Marinescu also created DIVE (section 2.1.3), a computational model that estimates the progression of Alzheimer’s disease, for which he was nominated as runner-up for the Francois Erbsmann prize at the International Conference on Information Processing in Medical Imaging
(IPMI). Dr. Marinescu also made contributions of major significance on modelling the progression of Multiple Sclerosis and Frontotemporal dementia (section 2.1.4), having co-authored highly influential articles with more than 100 citations each.
Dr. Marinescu has authored 25 peer-reviewed scientific articles (12 as first author) that have been published in the top journals in the Artificial Intelligence and medical imaging fields (section 2.2). The articles Dr. Marinescu authored have gathered more than 485 citations as of June 2021 [Exhibit 2], and have been cited 154 times in the last 6 months alone, showing an exponential increase in the impact of his work. Dr. Marinescu’s articles have been published in leading journals and conferences in the field, and have gathered significantly more citations than the articles of his peers (section 2.2.3).
Dr. Marinescu has also been a judge for the work of others, having been a reviewer on more than 30 scientific articles in 11 leading journals and conferences in the fields of medical Artificial Intelligence and related disciplines (section 2.3).
Dr. Marinescu has been a leader of two distinguished organizations. First, he was the President of the MIT Postdoctoral Association (section 2.4.1), representing all postdoctoral researchers at MIT, currently numbering 1400, in matters related to the MIT administration as well as in the planning of career events for postdoctoral researchers. Under Dr. Marinescu’s leadership, the Postdoctoral Association started advocacy efforts for better housing for postdocs, increased childcare support, and improved career development programs, which impacted all postdoctoral researchers at MIT. As the President of the MIT Postdoctoral Association, Dr. Marinescu was also on the hiring committee of the MIT Institute Community and Equity Officer (ICEO), a key role in the university that reports straight to the provost. Secondly, Dr. Marinescu also organized TADPOLE (section 2.4.2), currently the leading benchmark worldwide on AI models for predicting Alzheimer’s disease. TADPOLE had a significant impact on Alzheimer’s disease research, both in academia as well as the biopharmaceutical sector, and brought together a community of thirty-three international teams to create state-of-the-art AI models.
As evidenced by seven recommendation letters from distinguished professors within academia and managers in the biotechnology industry, his 25 scientific publications and 30 peer-reviews, as well as his leadership roles, Dr. Marinescu has raised to the very top of the field of medical AI (section 3.1). Dr. Marinescu has further sustained this performance, as evidenced by the increasing number of citations obtained recently (154 in the last 6 months alone), and the four invited talks he gave in the last 12 months at prestigious universities in North America: Harvard University, Stanford University, University of British Columbia and University of California Santa Cruz. In addition, Dr. Marinescu’s research achievements have recently been documented in Adevarul, one of the most widely-circulated and trusted newspapers in Romania [Exhibit 18].
2	Proof of Dr. Marinescu’s Extraordinary Ability
2.1 Evidence of original scientific, scholarly, artistic, athletic, or business-related contributions of major significance to the field
2.1.1	Evidence of original scientific contribution: First comprehensive study estimating the progression of Posterior Cortical Atrophy
Dr. Marinescu performed the first comprehensive study for estimating the progression of Posterior Cortical Atrophy, a neurodegenerative disease that affects the posterior part of the brain. While previous studies have only qualitatively analysed isolated case reports, Dr. Marinescu analysed the first comprehensive population of 102 patients with Posterior Cortical Atrophy, and was the first to run computational models to map the progression of the disease over time. The article, published in the journal Brain in 2019, has already been cited 37 times as of June 2021 [Exhibit 10].
“Dr. Marinescu has further made landmark contributions to the study of Posterior Cortical Atrophy, a variant of Alzheimer’s disease that affects the visual cortex. Compared to typical Alzheimer’s disease, the progression of Posterior Cortical Atrophy was until recently poorly understood. Dr. Marinescu, through his scientific article published in the journal Brain as well as his PhD thesis, elucidated the temporal progression of Posterior Cortical Atrophy, and showed that it is indeed distinct from that of Alzheimer’s disease. He further analysed the progression patterns in three different subgroups of Posterior Cortical Atrophy with different clinical presentations, and showed that these subgroups again have different progression profiles of brain atrophy. These contributions are fundamental for clinical trials

in Posterior Cortical Atrophy, and will help the management of all patients suffering from Posterior

Cortical Atrophy, currently believed to number approximately 2.5 million people worldwide.” (GC, Professor of Neuroradiology, University of ABC)
“Dr. Marinescu, in collaboration with Dr. Firth and Dr. Primativo, authored the first comprehensive longitudinal study on the progression of Posterior Cortical Atrophy. In this landmark study, Dr. Marinescu used Artificial Intelligence models to estimate the evolution of brain atrophy in the largest study population of subjects of Posterior Cortical Atrophy to date. He elucidated precisely which brain regions are affected, and in which exact temporal order, which was until then poorly understood. The article, while recently published in 2019, has already been cited more than 32 times. As a leading expert in Posterior Cortical Atrophy, I can certify that this study was of paramount importance for the field: it provided the very first glimpse into the temporal evolution of Posterior Cortical Atrophy, which is necessary for understanding its fundamental mechanisms and for running future clinical trials. In addition, given that most subjects with Posterior Cortical Atrophy are given drug treatments normally given for typical Alzheimer’s disease, this study provided strong evidence that Posterior Cortical Atrophy is likely to be a different disease that will require specialised drug treatments compared to typical Alzheimer’s disease.” (TF, Professor of Neuropsychology, XYZ)


•	Alzheimer’s Association International Conference: the largest conference on Alzheimer’s disease, with audience ranging from researchers in fundamental science, biopharmaceutical companies, and clinical practitioners. Dr. Marinescu authored four articles in the AAIC conference [Exhibit 1].
Dr. XX and Prof. XX have also confirmed that Dr. Marinescu’s work is published in the leading international venues, which have a very high standard for accepted articles.
“As an expert in the field, I can attest that Dr. Marinescu published in the leading journals and conferences

in medical AI as well as neurology. The Medical Image Computing and Computer Assisted Surgery

(MICCAI) conference, where Dr. Marinescu authored three papers, is the leading venue on theoretical and technical work on artificial intelligence and machine learning for medical applications, having an impact factor of 11.14. On the other hand, the neurology journal ”Brain”, where Dr. Marinescu authored two articles, one as joint-first author and the other as second author, is the one of the leading journals on neurology and neuroscience, which has been circulating since 1878 and has an impact factor of
11.33.”(UZ, Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Univ A)
“Dr. Marinescu authored articles in the leading journals and conferences of the field. Nature Commu-

nications, where Dr. Marinescu co-authored the SuStaIn model, is a journal of outstanding research in all areas of natural sciences, with a 2-year impact factor of 12.121. Brain is one of the leading journals on neuroscience and neurology, where Dr. Marinescu published two articles, one as joint-first author. Neuroimage is another leading journal covering research in neuroimaging, with an impact factor of 5.8. Several well-known and prolific authors have published in Neuroimage, including Karl Friston and Arthur W. Toga. In terms of conferences, Dr. Marinescu has published multiple articles in the Medical Image Computing and Computer Assisted Interventions (MICCAI) and Information Processing in Medical Imaging (IPMI) conferences. These are highly technical conferences where key
AI experts in medicine, as well as AI and pharmaceutical companies attend. As a clinical researcher in brain diseases, I can confirm that many of the methods published in these two conferences have a strong downstream impact on the medical problems we work on.” (TF, Professor of Neuropsychology, XYZ)
2.2.3 Dr. Marinescu’s scientific articles have been cited significantly more than the articles of his peers
The articles authored by Dr. Marinescu have been cited significantly more than the average of their field, as compared to the impact factor of the journals and conferences where they were published (the impact factor measures how many citations an article from that respective journal receives on average in the 2 years since its publication). Dr. Marinescu’s articles published in the Brain journal have gathered 54 and 32 citations within the first two years, significantly higher than the average of 11.3 citations articles in the Brain journal gather in their first two years. Similarly, Dr. Marinescu’s Nature Communications article gathered 59 citations in the first 2-years, significantly higher than the average of 12.1 citations for articles in that journal, while his NeuroImage article gathered 24 citations, significantly higher than the average of 5.9 citations for articles in that journal.
When taking all publications of Dr. Marinescu into account, his 485 citations gathered so far place him within the top 1% percentile of scholars in Computer Science according to the ESI ranking [Exhibit 22].
2.3 Evidence that Dr. Marinescu has been asked to judge the work of others in medical Artificial Intelligence and adjacent areas
Dr. Marinescu has been a reviewer on multiple years for the top conferences and journals in the fields of artificial intelligence, machine learning, computer vision, and medical imaging [Exhibit 15]:
•	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR): with an impact factor of 51.9 and an h5-index of 299, it is ranked #1 by guide2research.com among Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence conferences [Exhibit 14].
•	Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS): with an impact factor of 39.4 and an h5-index of 198, it is ranked #2 by guide2research.com among Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence conferences [Exhibit 14].
•	International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML): with an impact score of 18.4 and an h5-index of 171, it is ranked #6 in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning [Exhibit 14].
•	Medical Image Computing and Computer Assisted Surgery (MICCAI): with an impact factor of 9.7 and an h5-index of 61, it is ranked #1 by guide2research.com in Biomedical and Medical
Informatics.
•	Information Processing in Medical Imaging (IPMI): with an impact score of 3.13, IPMI is widely recognized as a preeminent international forum for presentation of cutting edge research in the medical imaging field. [Exhibit 14]
•	NeuroImage: with an impact factor of 5.88 and an h5-index of 115, NeuroImage is the most selective journal for neuroimaging analysis. [Exhibit 14] • Nature Communications: with an impact factor of 12.1, it is a leading journal in the natural sciences. [Exhibit 14]
•	Medical Image Analysis (MedIA): with an impact factor of 11.1 and an h5-index of 67, it is a leading journal in medical imaging research. [Exhibit 14]
•	IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence (PAMI): with an impact factor of
17.8 and an h5-index of 131, it is a leading computer vision journal [Exhibit 14].
•	Journal of Alzheimer’s Disease (JAD): with an impact factor of 3.9, JAD is a well-known journal focusing on etiology, pathogenesis, epidemiology, genetics, treatment, and psychology of Alzheimer’s disease.
Dr. Marinescu has reviewed a total of 30 scientific articles [Exhibit 15]: 1 article for CVPR, 3 for
NeurIPS, 6 for ICML, 6 for MICCAI, 8 for IPMI, 1 for NeuroImage, 1 for Nature Communications, 1 for MedIA, 1 for PAMI and 2 for JAD. While Dr. Marinescu has reviewed significantly for conferences in the field of medical Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision and adjacent areas, this is because in these fast-moving fields, most researchers do not publish in journals. In addition, these conference publications are not just abstracts, but full scientific articles of at least 8-10 pages, with consistent supplementary material, and provide significant theoretical and experimental advances on the explored topic.
“The journals and conferences Dr. Marinescu has published and reviewed for are the leading journals in the field. For example, the journal Brain, on which I serve as an editor, has a very high acceptance standard, and only the leading scientific articles with major impact to the field are accepted. Other journals such as Nature Communications and NeuroImage also have a similarly high standard. Similarly,
the leading international conferences in medical AI, Medical Image Computing and Computer Assisted
Intervention (MICCAI) and Information Processing in Medical Imaging (IPMI), also only accept truly novel contributions. In addition, in contrast to conferences that only require abstract submissions, these conferences require articles fully describing the methods and results in their entirety, so publications in MICCAI and IPMI are often comparable to journal publications in their own right. ” (GC, Professor of Neuroradiology, University of ABC)
“Dr. Marinescu has not only published in the leading journals and conferences of the field, but also reviewed the work of other scientists for these journals. This is a crucial service for the research community, as it helps keep the publication standard to a very high quality. I should emphasize that only leading researchers with domain knowledge and expertise are invited to review for such journals and conferences.” (TF, Professor of Neuropsychology, XYZ)
2.4	Evidence of Dr. Marinescu’s performance in a leading role in distinguished
organizations
2.4.1	Dr. Marinescu was the President of the MIT Postdoctoral Association
2.4.1.1	The MIT Postdoctoral Association is a distinguished organization
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology is the world’s leading institute in modern science, engineering, mathematics and technology, and ranks among the most prestigious academic institutions in the world. MIT employs approximately 11,000 research staff: 6990 graduate students, 1400 postdoctoral researchers, 1067 faculty and 1766 research staff [Exhibit 19].
The postdoctoral researchers, comprising approximately 13% of the researchers at MIT, are critical for the research environment at MIT: given their completion of the PhD and dissertation, they have ample expertise in a given topic which they pass on to the junior researchers, and further deepen or broaden their dissertation research. In addition, they often supervise graduate students and lead research projects in the laboratory.

The MIT Postdoctoral Association (PDA) is an MIT-wide organization which runs career and personal development programs for all Postdoctoral Researchers at MIT, currently numbering more than 1,400. Furthermore, it works with the MIT administration to enhance and improve all aspects of the postdoctoral research experience. Given it is the only organization that represents all postdoctoral researchers at MIT, it’s role is critical for all the 1400+ postdoctoral researchers at MIT and for the entire MIT research community.
“The MIT Postdoctoral Association (PDA) is an organization that supports MIT postdoctoral researchers during their professional research and career development. The Association oversees all postdoctoral researchers at MIT, currently numbering more than 1500, which are spread across more than 50 research centers and institutes across MIT. The association serves as a liaison between postdoctoral researchers and the faculty and administration of MIT, and strives to engage with and improve the MIT community. The MIT PDA aims to enhance all aspects of the postdoctoral research experience, and foster a sense of community which promotes and encourages an environment of peer support. The MIT PDA has an Executive Board which is responsible for the general operations, and is currently composed of five executive officers: President, Vice President, Treasurer, Corresponding Secretary and Recording Secretary.
The association also comprises a standing committee of around nine additional officers, responsible for fulfilling specific responsibilities. The MIT PDA is governed by a constitution, which was last ratified in 2012. Given all the functions and responsibilities that the Postdoctoral Association has, its role is of critical importance for all postdoctoral researchers at MIT, and for MIT altogether. ” (FC, Professor at UV)
2.4.1.2 As the President of the MIT Postdoctoral Association, Dr. Marinescu was in the leading role
The PDA President position is highly competitive and is obtained through an electoral process where all postdoctoral researchers at MIT vote on multiple candidates based on their manifesto and prior leadership experience. Dr. Marinescu was elected due to his his sound manifesto outlining several key proposals that will improve the MIT postdoctoral experience, alongside prior leadership experience at Imperial College and University College London. [Exhibit 19]
“Dr. Marinescu was initially elected in August 2019 as Vice President of the PDA by the MIT postdoctoral researchers. However, two months later, due to the previous President having to unexpectedly leave the role, Dr. Marinescu was voted by the PDA board as the new President. [...] I should emphasize that obtaining such an executive role in the Postdoctoral Association is extremely difficult, as anyone of the 1500 postdoctoral researchers at MIT can stand for election, and the candidates each need to prepare a clear manifesto outlining solutions to key problems, and convince all other postdoctoral researchers to

vote them. Prior leadership experience is also essential to be elected in such a role.” (FC, Professor at UV)
The PDA President role that Dr. Marinescu had comes with significant responsibilities, such as presiding and chairing the General Board Meetings of the Postdoctoral Association, representing the association in the meetings with the MIT administration, and internally, running the association and training all incoming officers.
“In the role of PDA president, Dr. Marinescu had significant responsibilities. He presided, chaired and set the agenda for all General Meetings, acted as a liaison between the MIT PDA and the Office of the Vice President for Research, acted as a representative of MIT PDA in the Faculty Postdoc Advisory Committee. Internally, he was responsible for the overall condition of the Postdoctoral Association, ensured that all other officer positions are filled, and coordinated the training of incoming officers. The PDA President role is very demanding, as it involves organizing and running a board of 15-20 PDA officers, representing all MIT postdoctoral researchers, currently numbering more than 1500, in faculty meetings and externally outside MIT, and listening to the

needs of postdoctoral researchers and working with the PDA board to find solutions.” (FC, Professor at UV)

2.4.1.3	Dr. Marinescu’s leadership in the MIT Postdoctoral Association had substantial impact for all postdoctoral researchers at MIT
Dr. Marinescu led the MIT Postdoctoral Association to launch several initiatives, such as career development programs, academic and industry panels, a new Diversity, Equity and Inclusion journal club.
In addition, Dr. Marinescu initiated a session for postdoctoral researchers to meet representatives of the MIT Corporation as well as Prof. Maria Zuber, the MIT Vice President for Research.
“Under the leadership of Dr. Marinescu, the MIT Postdoctoral Association has had many accomplishments and launched many initiatives for all postdoctoral researchers at MIT. It ran several career development programs, such as a six-month mentorship program for both academia as well as industry, several panel discussions on topics regarding academic research and future career pathways, and also launched a new Diversity, Equity and Inclusion journal club, where MIT postdoctoral researchers discussed scientific articles on diversity and inclusion topics. They also started collaborations with other Postdoctoral Associations, such as the Boston-Area PDA, as well as the Harvard PDA. Perhaps one of the most important initiatives undertaken by Dr. Marinescu was to organize a session where 10 representative postdoctoral researchers across MIT met with 15 members of the MIT Corporation who were visiting the office of the Vice President for Research, in order to give them feedback about postdoctoral academic life. The session had a major impact for all postdoctoral researchers at MIT, as it provided the required impetus to address multiple problems, in particular regarding housing affordability and general living expenses.” (FC, Professor at UV)
Dr. Marinescu also led advocacy efforts in new directions, such as for better housing and child support for postdoctoral researchers with families:
“Dr. Marinescu, as PDA President, has also led new directions of advocacy for the PDA. During his tenure, the PDA has started advocating on key issues facing postdoctoral researchers at MIT: the ability to find affordable housing, increased childcare support for researchers with children, improved career development programs, and more opportunities for interaction and collaboration between postdoctoral researchers across different institutes at MIT. These directions have been identified after discussing with a broad range of postdoctoral researchers across MIT, in order to understand their needs.” (FC, Professor at UV)
As PDA President, Dr. Marinescu was on the hiring committee for the MIT Institute Community and Equity Officer (ICEO), which selected John Dozier in February 2020 [Exhibit 16].
“During his tenure, Dr. Marinescu, as PDA President, was also on the hiring committee for the new MIT Institute Community and Equity Officer (ICEO), which selected in February 2020 John Dozier, an experienced higher-education leader, in the role. Given that I have myself been the MIT ICEO during 2013–2018, I can confirm that the ICEO is a critical role at MIT, and reports straight to the [MIT]

Provost, Martin A. Schmidt, with a mandate to develop and implement diversity and inclusion strategies for the [MIT] institute.” (FC, Professor at UV)
2.4.2	Dr. Marinescu organised and ran TADPOLE, the largest international competition of AI algorithms for predicting Alzheimer’s disease
2.4.2.1	TADPOLE is a distinguished, one-of-a-kind competition and benchmark
The Alzheimer’s Disease Progression of Longitudinal Evolution (TADPOLE) Challenge, organized by
Dr. Marinescu, is the largest international competition to date for researchers to build AI algorithms for predicting Alzheimer’s disease. TADPOLE is a collaboration of two consortia: the EuroPOND consortium (www.europond.eu) and the Alzheimer’s Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI) consortium (http://adni.loni.usc.edu). Thirty-three international teams participated in the competition, and submitted a total of 92 different AI algorithms. The challenge brought together sponsorship of £30,000, to be offered as prizes to participants, from the three main Alzheimer’s disease charities worldwide:
Alzheimer’s Association, Alzheimer’s Society, and Alzheimer’s Research UK.
“I have first come in contact with his [Dr. Marinescu’s] work in 2017, when my research team decided to participate in TADPOLE, the international challenge Dr. Marinescu organized which aimed to

evaluate algorithms that predict the progression of Alzheimer’s disease. TADPOLE is a one-of-a-kind challenge and benchmark for comparing a variety of algorithms and methods for the challenging task of predicting Alzheimer’s disease, a key neurodegenerative disease affecting millions of people worldwide. While previous algorithms in our research field were all tested on different datasets and with different target variables to be predicted, TADPOLE created a standardized evaluation framework which made all algorithms’ performance comparable. Thirty-three international teams from nine different countries, with approximately three members each, participated in the challenge, and submitted a total of ninety-two prediction algorithms.” (UZ, Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Univ A)
2.4.2.2	Dr. Marinescu has played a leading role in the organisation of TADPOLE
Dr. Marinescu played a leading role in the organization of TADPOLE. He created the main datasets for all thirty-three participating teams to use, helped the teams in running their algorithms on the data, created benchmark algorithms for teams to build on, evaluated the teams’ predictions on newly acquired data, and presented the final results at the Medical Image Computing and Computer Assisted Surgery, the main conference in the field. While other members of the consortium have also been involved in other aspects of the competition, Dr. Marinescu has been the key person to run the challenge and analyse all final results, and work with all members of the consortia and teams to put together three articles detailing the design and all results of the challenge [Exhibit 11]. As evidence for this, he was the first-author of these influential articles [Exhibit 11], which have already gathered more than 88 citations.
“Dr. Marinescu has also been the key leader in the organization and running of the TADPOLE Challenge, and played a critical role at various points along the process. He was among the four main organizers (alongside Daniel Alexander, Neil Oxtoby and Alexandra Young) who initially came up with the design of

the challenge and created the website detailing the competition, co-created with Neil Oxtoby the datasets

for the teams, assisted the teams with running their algorithms and with the tasks they had to solve, solely

evaluated and analyzed all the prediction results, and liaised with all the participating teams on accurately

synthesizing the description of their algorithms in the final manuscript. Dr. Marinescu presented these results in three scientific articles that already have more than 60 citations. He also presented the final results at the Medical Image Computing and Computer Assisted Surgery (MICCAI) International Conference, the leading venue in medical AI, as well as at the Alzheimer’s Association International
Conference, the top conference on Alzheimer’s disease research.”	(UZ, Professor of Electrical and
Computer Engineering, Univ A)
“Dr. Marinescu has been an outstanding leader during the organization and running of TADPOLE. He

helped all the teams, including ourselves, understand the problem statement, how to use the dataset, and even offered us algorithms to get started with. When we had clarifications, we always reached out to him on the forum. He also analysed all our submissions and worked with us to summarize all our technical methods in the final manuscript. He also presented the final analysis at two key conferences, the Medical

Image Computing and Computer Assisted Interventions (MICCAI 2019), as well as the Alzheimer’s
Association International Conference (AAIC 2020). ” (DI, Senior Director of XYZ, Company ABC, USA)
2.4.2.3	TADPOLE had a substantial impact on Alzheimer’s disease research
Under Dr. Marinescu’s leadership, the impact of TADPOLE on Alzheimer’s disease research has been highly significant. TADPOLE helped establish what are the best AI prediction models for Alzheimer’s disease, and what are the capabilities of state-of-the-art AI models on Alzheimer’s prediction. For this, TADPOLE gathered together the best teams worldwide from both academia and industry to implement the state-of-

the-art AI models, and established a standard of measuring their performance. When adopted into clinical settings, such models will impact millions of patients with Alzheimer’s disease worldwide.
“Through TADPOLE, Dr. Marinescu made a huge scientific contribution to our research field. First, it helped establish how well and how early we can predict Alzheimer’s disease with computational

algorithms, what are the state-of-the-art algorithms for Alzheimer’s disease prediction, and what types of input data are most informative for such predictions. Secondly, Alzheimer’s disease is a devastating disease worldwide, with currently more than 50 million people affected, and having associated costs of approximately $100 billion in the United States alone. The ability to detect the disease early, using such

AI algorithms, can improve the healthcare management of millions of people worldwide, and also lower

the economic costs and caregiver efforts for managing Alzheimer’s disease patients.” (UZ, Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Univ A)
“The impact of the TADPOLE competition in Alzheimer’s disease prediction research cannot be overstated: around 30-40 international teams participated in the competition from both academia and the biotech. industry, and it entirely reshaped the field regarding what are the best AI methods for predicting such a

disease.” (DI, Senior Director of XYZ, Company ABC, USA)

TADPOLE had a major impact not just within academia, but also in the pharmaceutical industry. XX, a major biopharmaceutical company, participated in the challenge, while XYZ, another major biopharmaceutical company, has closely followed the work.
“I have first heard of Dr. Marinescu’s work in 2017, when our team at XX decided to participate in the

TADPOLE Challenge, which he organised during his PhD at University College London. As part of

the challenge, we had to create an [AI] algorithm that could automatically predict which subjects would develop Alzheimer’s disease in the future. This task was well aligned with our objectives of building

computational AI models for early diagnosis of diseases such as Alzheimer’s disease. While we had many years of experience with such algorithms, it was not an easy task due to the unfamiliarity with the data. Eventually, we managed to create a good algorithm for making accurate predictions, and we ended up winning the grand prize of the competition, worth £10,000.” (DI, Senior Director of XYZ, Company ABC, USA)
“Another influential work by Dr.	Marinescu that we have been paying very close attention is the
TADPOLE Competition, which compares algorithms at predicting the progression of individuals at risk of Alzheimer’s disease. These algorithms are highly useful towards identifying the most suitable patients that can go into our clinical trials, i.e. those that will benefit the most from the drug treatments. This solves

one key issue we often face in clinical trials, that of cohort diversity due to different underlying genetics

and pathology, which often obscures treatment effects. The computational models from the TADPOLE Challenge can help us select homogeneous groups of patients, thereby increasing the treatment effects in drug trials.” (TI, Vice President of M, Company XYZ, USA)
Finally, as mentioned earlier in section 2.1.2, TADPOLE has also been featured in popular media, in an article written by Alzforum [Exhibit 11].
3	The final merits of Dr. Marinescu’s extraordinary ability
In accordance with the Kazarian opinion, the second step of the two-part approach is a final merits determination that considers all of the evidence in the context of whether or not the petitioner has demonstrated:
• A level of expertise indicating that Dr. Marinescu is “one of that small percentage who have risen to the very top of the field of endeavor.” 8 C.F.R. §204.5(h)(2) – section 3.1. • Dr. Marinescu’s sustained national or international acclaim and that his achievements have been recognized in the field of his expertise. 8 C.F.R. §204.5(h)(3) – section 3.2.
3.1	Dr.	Marinescu has risen to the very top of the field of medical Artificial
Intelligence
Dr Marinescu is a scientist of extraordinary ability, who is recognized to have risen to the very top of the field of medical AI. His work on AI prediction models for neurodegenerative diseases has impacted not just academia, but also the pharmaceutical industry.
“Given his major contributions in the field of medical Artificial Intelligence, in particular through his scientific publications, Dr. Marinescu is truly among the very top of his research field. His work has had significant impact not just in academia, but also in the biopharmaceutical industry, best exemplified by the fact that our company XX put together a team to participate in his challenge and build an AI prediction
model for Alzheimer’s disease. Moreover, his research work has impacted not just Alzheimer’s disease, but many other diseases such as Multiple Sclerosis and Frontotemporal dementia, which are major healthcare challenges of our times and into the future.” (DI, Senior Director of XYZ, Company ABC, USA)
“Dr. Marinescu is a leading scientist who has risen to the very top of the field of medical Artificial Intelligence. His AI models are already used by our research team at XX, and we are currently keeping a close collaboration with him. In addition, Dr. Marinescu has extraordinary technical skills, as well as a deep fundamental understanding of medical problems. As the VP for Personalized Medicine at XX, who has been involved with recruiting top talent for many years, I can assure you that Dr. Marinescu’s skills

and contributions are only matched by a very small percentage of researchers worldwide. ” (TI, Vice

President of M, Company XYZ, USA)
“Dr. Marinescu is scientist of extraordinary ability, who has made many contributions to our research field. He is a highly recognized leader in disease progression modeling and artificial intelligence prediction algorithms for medicine, two very important scientific areas. If he is to stay in the United States, he would be a great asset to the country, and can continue to make important new contributions in research and beyond.” (UZ, Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Univ A)
“Dr. Marinescu has made outstanding contributions of great impact to field of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning in Medicine. He is truly among the very top researchers in his field. Following his
PhD at University College London, he was invited to pursue his research further at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, the world’s best research laboratory for his field. I was very fortunate to have worked with him during his PhD, and I am
certain his career trajectory will further increase.” (TF, Professor of Neuropsychology, XYZ)
In addition, Dr. Marinescu’s scientific articles have been cited more than 485 times [Exhibit 2], which places him within the top 1% of researchers in computer science, according to the ESI index [Exhibit 22]. This is additionally confirmed by the Google Scholar ranking [Exhibit 2], where the top-5 publications in the top-100 journals generally have 100-300 citations over the last 5 years (as measured by the h5-index),
which results in around 20-60 citations/year [Exhibit 21]. Three of Dr. Marinescu’s articles have more than 20 citations within last year [Exhibit 2].
3.2	Dr. Marinescu has sustained national and international acclaim in his field of expertise
Dr. Marinescu has not only had contributions of international acclaim, but has also sustained them. Over the last 6 months, Dr. Marinescu’s articles have already been cited 154 times [Exhibit 2], showing an exponential increase in the impact of his work. In addition, several research groups have already expressed interest in his very recent work on image reconstruction.
“Dr. Marinescu’s work is well recognized in the scientific community. He is well-known for his outstanding work on disease progression models, having authored more than six papers on this topic, and his organization of TADPOLE, currently the most widely-used benchmark for comparing models at predicting the progression of Alzheimer’s disease. In addition, his work on image reconstruction using generative priors has already raised the interest of several research groups, including that of Alexander Goehler, a clinical scientist at Harvard Medical School, who would like to apply it for studying liver disease, as well as Steven Horng’s group at Beth Israel, who recently invited Dr. Marinescu to give a talk at the Harvard Clinical Informatics Lecture Series.” (QR, Professor of EECS, MIT)
Over the past 12 months, Dr. Marinescu has been invited to give four talks at leading universities worldwide such as Harvard University, Stanford University, University of British Columbia and University of California Santa Cruz [Exhibit 1]. In addition, Dr. Marinescu recently interviewed for tenure-track academic positions in the United States, further confirming his sustained performance.
“Dr. Marinescu has already interviewed for tenure-track faculty positions at leading universities in the United States, and is now waiting for the final decisions. While there are usually more than one hundred applicants for these positions, all PhD graduates of very good caliber, only the top 5 are generally invited to interview. This makes Dr. Marinescu one of the very top researchers in the field of medical AI.” (QR, Professor of EECS, MIT)
Dr. Marinescu was recently asked in January 2020 to give an interview to Adevarul (eng. Truth), one of the leading newspapers in Romania, to discuss about his research and how Artificial Intelligence will impact future healthcare [Exhibit 18]. Adevarul is one of the most popular and trusted press venues of Romania, founded in 1871. This confirms the ongoing recognition Dr. Marinescu receives not just in academia, but also in popular media.
4	Conclusion
Dr. Marinescu is a well-recognized expert in Medical Artificial Intelligence who has risen to the very top of his field of endeavor. He is going to continue working in the field of his expertise in the United States. Supporting letters from experts in the field state that Dr. Marinescu’s discoveries and contributions would be beneficial to the United States in the medical and healthcare sectors, and will benefit millions of people with neurodegenerative diseases.
Thus, Dr. Marinescu fully satisfies all requirements and regulations listed in INA Section 203(b)(1)(A) and 8 CFR Section 204.5(h) and the reviewer is kindly asked to approve Dr. Marinescu’s petition for permanent residence under the category of an alien of extraordinary ability.
Please contact me at the following address for any additional evidence.
Yours faithfully,
Razvan V. Marinescu
Address: XX
Tel: XXXXX Email: XX
Website: http://razvan.csail.mit.edu
Statement from Dr. Marinescu detailing plans on how he intends to continue work in the United States
28 December 2021

My name is Razvan Marinescu. I am the beneficiary of this I-140 Immigrant Petition for Alien Worker, seeking EB-1A classification as an individual of extraordinary ability. I have a vast experience in the field of Artificial Intelligence for Medicine, and I intend to continue doing research in this area in the United States.
After finishing my postdoctoral research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), I plan to start a tenure-track academic position in the United States. I have already interviewed at several US universities, and I’m expecting to be given offers at any point. I really enjoy teaching and research, so the position of an assistant professor in academia best suits my interests and expertise. At the same time, I will continue ongoing medical AI projects we currently have with several companies, including IBM, Boston Scientific, Takeda Pharmaceuticals and Biogen.
Getting the permanent residence in the United States will increase my research opportunities. For example, many research grants at the National Science Foundation (NSF) or the National Institutes of Health (NIH) are restricted to only US citizens and permanent residents. With the permanent residency, I will be able not only to apply for such grants, but also attract and fund the most talented students to solve challenging world problems.
My area of expertise, medical Artificial Intelligence, will vastly influence future healthcare, as the technology that will be introduced in hospitals will improve the lives of millions of patients not only within the United States, but also worldwide. The unique healthcare ecosystem of the United States offers incredible opportunities to do my research work. In return, I will train the next generation of scientists in medical Artificial Intelligence. My work in the United States can immensely benefit not only the healthcare system and peoples’ well-being, but also the national economy, as my AI technologies can make healthcare cheaper and more accessible, particularly in under-developed regions.
I will be very grateful if I am given the chance to benefit the US science and economy given my expertise in medical Artificial Intelligence.
Yours faithfully,
Razvan V. Marinescu
Address: XX
Tel: XXXXX Email: XX
Website: http://razvan.csail.mit.edu
List of Exhibits
Academic and professional Background
Exhibit 1: Curriculum Vitae of Dr. Razvan Marinescu
Exhibit 2: Google Scholar Profile of Dr. Razvan Marinescu
Supporting Letters
Exhibit 3: Supporting letter and bio from Prof QR
Exhibit 4: Supporting letter and bio from Prof UZ
Exhibit 5: Supporting letter and bio from Prof GC
Exhibit 6: Supporting letter and bio from Prof TF
Exhibit 7: Supporting letter and bio from Prof TI
Exhibit 8: Supporting letter and bio from Prof DI
Exhibit 9: Supporting letter and bio from Prof FC
Key scientific publications authored by Dr. Marinescu
Exhibit 10: First pages of 2 publications authored by Dr. Marinescu on Posterior Cortical Atrophy:
•	Firth, Nicholas C., Primativo, Silvia, Marinescu, Razvan V., et al. ”Longitudinal neuroanatomical and cognitive progression of posterior cortical atrophy.” Brain 142.7 (2019): 2082-2095.
•	Marinescu, Razvan V., ”Modelling the Neuroanatomical Progression of Alzheimer’s
Disease and Posterior Cortical Atrophy.” University College London, (2020) - PhD thesis
Exhibit 11: First pages of 3 publications authored by Dr. Marinescu on the TADPOLE Challenge, alongside a media article from Alzforum on the results of the Challenge
•	Marinescu, Razvan V., et al. ”Tadpole Challenge: Prediction of longitudinal evolution in Alzheimer’s disease.” arXiv preprint arXiv:1805.03909 (2018), under review. • Marinescu, Razvan V., et al. ”The Alzheimer’s Disease Prediction Of Longitudinal Evolution (TADPOLE) Challenge: Results after 1 Year Follow-up.” arXiv preprint arXiv:2002.03419 (2020).
•	Marinescu, Razvan V., et al. ”TADPOLE Challenge: Accurate Alzheimer’s disease prediction through crowdsourced forecasting of future data.”, International Workshop on PRedictive Intelligence In MEdicine Springer, MICCAI, Cham, 2019.
•	Media article from Alzforum about the results and findings of the TADPOLE
Challenge: https://www.alzforum.org/news/community-news/tadpole-challenge-winnersforecast-ad-symptoms
•	Wikipedia article about Alzforum, an independent, non-profit website and community for accelerating research in Alzheimer’s disease.
Exhibit 12: First pages of 2 publications authored by Dr. Marinescu on the DIVE model, that estimates the progression of Alzheimer’s disease:
•	Marinescu, Razvan V., et al. ”DIVE: A spatiotemporal progression model of brain pathology in neurodegenerative disorders.” NeuroImage 192 (2019): 166-177.
•	Marinescu, Razvan V, et al. ”A vertex clustering model for disease progression: application to cortical thickness images.” International conference on information processing in medical imaging. Springer, Cham, 2017.
Exhibit 13: First pages of 2 publications authored by Dr. Marinescu on disease progression modelling of Multiple Sclerosis and Frontotemporal dementia:
•	Eshaghi, Arman, Marinescu, Razvan V., et al. ”Progression of regional grey matter atrophy in multiple sclerosis.” Brain 141.6 (2018): 1665-1677.
•	Young, Alexandra L., Marinescu, Razvan V., et al. ”Uncovering the heterogeneity and temporal complexity of neurodegenerative diseases with Subtype and Stage Inference.” Nature communications 9.1 (2018): 1-16.
Other
Exhibit 14: Journal and conference rankings by category
Exhibit 15: Proof of 30 scientific reviews undertaken by Dr. Marinescu in conferences and journals on artificial intelligence, computer vision and medical imaging.
Exhibit 16: Proof that Dr. Marinescu was on the hiring committee of the MIT Institute Community and Equity Officer (ICEO)
Exhibit 17: Nadri, Hamed, et al. ”The top 100 articles in the medical informatics: a bibliometric analysis.” Journal of medical systems 41.10 (2017): 1-12.
Exhibit 18: Media article on Dr. Marinescu’s research in Adevarul, one of the most popular and trusted newspapers in Romania. Certified translation in English also attached.
Exhibit 19: Evidence towards Dr. Marinescu’s leadership role as President of the MIT Postdoctoral
Association
1.	Statistics about the faculty and research staff at MIT.
2.	Newsletter about the MIT postdoc population, and their importance towards groundbreaking research done at MIT.
3.	Welcome Letter from Prof. Maria Zuber, MIT VP for Research, on Dr. Marinescu’s initial election as Vice-President of the MIT PDA.
4.	Email from XX, MIT PDA advisor, confirming Dr. Marinescu stepping up to the President role of MIT PDA.
5.	Screenshot from MIT PDA website, confirming Dr. Marinescu as President during
2019-2020 (https://pda.mit.edu/about/previous-pda-officers/).
6.	Diploma of appreciation from the MIT VP for Research.
7.	Achievements	of	the	MIT	PDA,	as	listed	on	the	MIT	PDA	website
(https://pda.mit.edu/advocacy/achievements/).
Exhibit 20: Evidence towards Dr. Marinescu’s leadership role as the organizer of the TADPOLE Challenge
1.	Email from Dr. Marinescu towards all TADPOLE participants and advisors, regarding the announcement of the competition’s final results.
2.	Email from Dr. Marinescu towards all TADPOLE participants and advisors, announcing the submission of the manuscript towards a journal publication.
3.	Email from Dr. Marinescu towards the organisation of a Featured Research Session on TADPOLE Challenge at the Alzheimer’s Association International Conference.
4.	Screenshot from the oral presentation given by Dr. Marinescu on the final results of TADPOLE Challenge, at the Alzheimer’s Association International Conference.
(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wYHS9OW-Dv8)
5.	First pages of three articles authored by Dr. Marinescu on the TADPOLE Challenge, confirming his leadership role through first-authorship.
Exhibit 21: Number of citations of top-5 articles in top 100 publications worldwide
Exhibit 22: Number of citations of top 1% authors percentile according to the ESI index.
Exhibit 23: Confirmation of PhD degree and Diploma of Dr. Marinescu issued by University College
London, alongside confirmation of MEng degree and transcript of Dr. Marinescu issued by Imperial College London
Exhibit 24: Offer letter of Dr. Marinescu in the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Exhibit 25: First pages of 6 additional publications authored by Dr. Marinescu
1.	Marinescu, Razvan V., et al. ”Disease knowledge transfer across neurodegenerative diseases.” International Conference on Medical Image Computing and Computer-Assisted Intervention. Springer, Cham, 2019.
2.	Marinescu, Razvan V., et al. ”BrainPainter: A software for the visualisation of brain structures, biomarkers and associated pathological processes.” Multimodal brain image analysis and mathematical foundations of computational anatomy. Springer, Cham, 2019. 112-120.
3.	Young, Alexandra L., Oxtoby, Neil P., Huang, J., Marinescu, Razvan V., et al,

”Multiple orderings of events in disease progression”. In International Conference on Information Processing in Medical Imaging (pp. 711-722). Springer, Cham, 2015
4.	Wijeratne, P. A., Young, A. L., Oxtoby, N. P., Marinescu, Razvan V. et al, ”An image-based model of brain volume biomarker changes in Huntington’s disease”. Annals of clinical and translational neurology, 5(5), 570-582, 2018
5.	Slator, Paddy J., Hutter, Jana, Marinescu, Razvan V., et al. ”InSpect: INtegrated SPECTral component estimation and mapping for multi-contrast microstructural MRI.” International Conference on Information Processing in Medical Imaging. Springer, Cham, 2019.
6.	Garbarino, Sara, Marco Lorenzi, Neil P. Oxtoby, Elisabeth J. Vinke, Marinescu, Razvan V. et al., ”Differences in topological progression profile among neurodegenerative diseases from imaging data.” Elife 8 (2019): e49298.

Exhibit 1
Curriculum Vitae of Dr. Razvan Marinescu 
Razvan Valentin Marinescu
	Website:	http://razvan.csail.mit.edu
Github: https://github.com/razvanmarinescu Twitter: https://twitter.com/RazMarinescu
	Address:	MIT CSAIL, 32 Vassar St., Office D475B
	Email:	razvan [at] csail.mit.edu
Research Interests
•	Machine learning for medicine, particularly for neuroscience applications
•	Generative modeling using deep learning architectures, for image reconstruction and manipulation
•	Bayesian modelling, statistical inference, efficient sampling
•	Time-series models with latent variables, for capturing disease processes
•	Causal machine learning, for building robust models able to deal with distribution shifts
Education
2019Postdoctoral Associate, CSAIL, Massachusetts Institute of Technology
- nowAdvisor: Polina Golland
Research focus: generative models, image reconstruction, Bayesian inversion
2014PhD, Center for Medical Image Computing, University College London
- 2019PhD thesis: ”Modelling the Neuroanatomical Progression of Alzheimers Disease and Posterior Cortical Atrophy” – Supervisors: Prof. Daniel Alexander, Prof. Sebastian Crutch, Dr. Neil Oxtoby
Research focus: bayesian latent-variable models, machine learning, neuroimaging, disease progression modelling.
2010MEng, Department of Computer Science, Imperial College London
- 2014First Class Honours (top 10% of class in final year)
Master thesis: “On a new metric to compare internal structures in biological networks” Supervisor: Prof. Natasa Przulj
Past Employment
2016Teaching Assistant in Computational Modelling, UCL
-	2018Taught computational modelling, bayesian statistics and numerical optimisation to Master students. Marked the students’ coursework.
2014Graduate Residence Advisor, University College London
-	2018Provided pastoral support to students and emergency support.
2012Teaching Assistant in Programming, Imperial College London
-	2013Taught Haskell, Java and C to undergraduate students. Weekly marking of students’ coursework.
2013Industrial Placement at J.P. Morgan Chase & Co, Emerging Markets
Assisted the retirement of a legacy system that was processing end-of-day market risk.
2012Summer Internship at Goldman Sachs, Equities Technology
Built software that automatically re-factored the Java source-code of a trading system. Learned about financial instruments and live market data.
Awards
2017Runner up (jointly) for the Francois Erbsmann Prize (best paper award) at the IPMI conference.
2015-17Travel and registration fellowships for several conferences: IPMI, AAIC and Human Brain Project.
2013DAAD Scholarship for doing a German Language course in Aachen, Germany over the summer.
2011Prize for the best undergraduate project in Artificial Intelligence, Imperial College London
2010Sponsored visit to NATO Headquarters, Brussels, for achievements in international projects and contests.
2009Grand Prize at the International Space Settlement Design Competition offered by NASA Johnson Space Center.
2008Diploma of Excellency awarded by the Government of Romania for ”impressive problem-solving skills”.
2007Bronze Medal at the 6th International Computer Project Competition ”Infomatrix”.
Silver Medal at the National Mathematics Olympiad in Romania.
Other significant activities
2019-20President of the MIT Postdoctoral Association
2016-17Taught Robotics and Computer Graphics courses at the Oxford for Romania Summer School
2011-14Year representative at Imperial College faculty meetings
Selected publications
2020
Conference Marinescu, R.V., Moyer, D., Golland, P., 2020. Bayesian Image Reconstruction using Deep Generative Models. arXiv preprint arXiv:2012.04567.
Journal Marinescu, R.V., Oxtoby, N.P., Young, A.L., Bron, E.E., Toga, A.W., Weiner, M.W., Barkhof, F., Fox, N.C.,
Eshaghi, A., Toni, T. and Salaterski, M., 2020. The Alzheimer’s Disease Prediction Of Longitudinal Evolution (TADPOLE) Challenge: Results after 1 Year Follow-up. arXiv preprint arXiv:2002.03419., under review for Nature Communications

2019
Poster Marinescu, R.V., Lorenzi, M., Blumberg, S., Young, A.L., Morell, P.P., Oxtoby, N.P., Eshaghi, A., Yong, K.X., Crutch, S.J. and Alexander, D.C., 2019. Disease Knowledge Transfer across Neurodegenerative Diseases. MICCAI, 2019.
Journal Marinescu, R.V., Eshaghi, A., Lorenzi, M., Young, A.L., Oxtoby, N.P., Garbarino, S., Crutch, S.J., Alexander, D.C. and Alzheimer’s Disease Neuroimaging Initiative, 2019. DIVE: A spatiotemporal progression model of brain pathology in neurodegenerative disorders. NeuroImage, 192, pp.166-177.
Journal (*joint first-authors) *Firth, N.C., *Primativo, S., *Marinescu, R.V., Shakespeare, T.J., Suarez-Gonzalez, A., Lehmann, M., Carton, A., Ocal, D., Pavisic, I., Paterson, R.W. and Slattery, C.F., 2019. Longitudinal neuroanatomical and cognitive progression of posterior cortical atrophy. Brain.
2017
Oral Marinescu, R.V., Eshaghi, A., Lorenzi, M., Young, A.L., Oxtoby, N.P., Garbarino, S., Shakespeare, T.J., Crutch, S.J., Alexander, D.C. and Alzheimers Disease Neuroimaging Initiative, 2017, June. A vertex clustering model for disease progression: application to cortical thickness images. In International Conference on Information Processing in Medical Imaging (pp. 134-145). Springer, Cham. (Erbstman Prize Runner-up)
Other First author publications
2020
Oral Marinescu, R.V., Bron, E.E., Oxtoby, N.P., Young, A.L., Toga, A.W., Weiner, M.W., Barkhof, F., Fox, N.C., Golland, P., Klein, S. and Alexander, D.C., 2020, July. Predicting Alzheimer’s disease progression: Results from the TADPOLE Challenge. In 2020 Alzheimer’s Association International Conference.
2019
Oral Marinescu, R.V., Alexander, D.C. and Golland, P., 2019. BrainPainter: A software for the visualisation of brain structures, biomarkers and associated pathological processes, MICCAI MBIA Workshop, 2019
Oral Marinescu, R.V., Oxtoby, N.P., Young, A.L., Bron, E.E., Toga, A.W., Weiner, M.W., Barkhof, F., Fox, N.C., Golland, P., Klein, S. and Alexander, D.C., 2019, October. TADPOLE challenge: Accurate Alzheimer’s disease prediction through crowdsourced forecasting of future data. In MICCAI Workshop on PRedictive Intelligence In MEdicine.
2018
Journal Marinescu, R.V., Oxtoby, N.P., Young, A.L., Bron, E.E., Toga, A.W., Weiner, M.W., Barkhof, F., Fox, N.C., Klein, S. and Alexander, D.C., 2018. TADPOLE Challenge: Prediction of Longitudinal Evolution in Alzheimer’s Disease. arXiv preprint arXiv:1805.03909.
2017
Poster Marinescu, R.V., Primativo, S., Young, A.L., Oxtoby, N.P., Firth, N.C., Eshaghi, A., Garbarino, S., Cardoso, J.M., Yong, K., Fox, N.C. and Lehmann, M., 2017. Analysis Of The Heterogeneity Of Posterior Cortical Atrophy: Data-driven Model Predicts Distinct Atrophy Patterns For Three Different Cognitive Subgroups. Alzheimer’s & Dementia: The Journal of the Alzheimer’s Association, 13(7), pp.P106-P108.
2016
Poster Marinescu, R.V., Young, A.L., Oxtoby, N.P., Firth, N.C., Lorenzi, M., Eshaghi, A., Wottschel, V., Cardoso, M.J., Modat, M., Yong, K. and Primativo, S., 2016. A Data-driven Comparison Of The Progression Of Brain Atrophy In Posterior Cortical Atrophy And Alzheimer’s Disease. Alzheimer’s & Dementia: The Journal of the Alzheimer’s Association, 12(7), pp.P401-P402.
Joint publications
2019
Journal Eshaghi, A., Marinescu, R.V., Young, A.L., Firth, N.C., Prados, F., Jorge Cardoso, M., Tur, C., De Angelis, F., Cawley, N., Brownlee, W.J. and De Stefano, N., 2018. Progression of regional grey matter atrophy in multiple sclerosis. Brain, 141(6), pp.1665-1677.
Poster Slator, P.J., Hutter, J., Marinescu, R.V., Palombo, M., Young, A.L., Jackson, L.H., Ho, A., Chappell, L.C., Rutherford, M., Hajnal, J.V. and Alexander, D.C., 2019, June. InSpect: INtegrated SPECTral Component Estimation and Mapping for Multi-contrast Microstructural MRI. In International Conference on Information Processing in Medical Imaging (pp. 755-766). Springer, Cham.
Journal Garbarino, S., Lorenzi, M., Oxtoby, N.P., Vinke, E.J., Marinescu, R.V., Eshaghi, A., Ikram, M.A., Niessen, W.J., Ciccarelli, O., Barkhof, F. and Schott, J.M., 2019. Differences in topological progression profile among neurodegenerative diseases from imaging data, eLife
2018
Journal Young, A.L., Marinescu, R.V., Oxtoby, N.P., Bocchetta, M., Yong, K., Firth, N.C., Cash, D.M., Thomas, D.L., Dick, K.M., Cardoso, J. and van Swieten, J., 2018. Uncovering the heterogeneity and temporal complexity of neurodegenerative diseases with Subtype and Stage Inference. Nature communications, 9(1), p.4273.
Journal Wijeratne, P.A., Young, A.L., Oxtoby, N.P., Marinescu, R.V., Firth, N.C., Johnson, E.B., Mohan, A., Sampaio, C., Scahill, R.I., Tabrizi, S.J. and Alexander, D.C., 2018. An imagebased model of brain volume biomarker changes in Huntington’s disease. Annals of clinical and translational neurology, 5(5), pp.570-582.
Poster Young, A.L., Scelsi, M.A., Marinescu, R.V., Schott, J.M., Ourselin, S., Alexander, D.C. and Altmann, A., 2018. Genomewide Association Study Of Data-driven Alzheimer’s Disease Subtypes. Alzheimer’s & Dementia: The Journal of the Alzheimer’s Association, 14(7), pp.P1042-P1043.
Poster Garbarino, S., Lorenzi, M., Vinke, E., Marinescu, R.V., Oxtoby, N.P., Eshaghi, A., Ikram, M.A., Niessen, W.J., Ciccarelli, O., Barkhof, F. and Vernooij, M.W., 2018. Mechanistic Profiles Of Neurodegeneration: A Study In Alzheimers Disease, Healthy Ageing And Primary Progressive Multiple Sclerosis. Alzheimer’s & Dementia: The Journal of the Alzheimer’s Association, 14(7), pp.P1280-P1281.
2017
Poster Young, A.L., Marinescu, R.V., Yong, K., Firth, N.C., Oxtoby, N.P., Cash, D.M., Fox, N.C., Crutch, S.J., Rohrer, J.D., Schott, J.M. and Alexander, D.C., 2017. Characterising The Progression Of Alzheimers Disease Subtypes Using Subtype And Stage Inference (Sustain). Alzheimer’s & Dementia: The Journal of the Alzheimer’s Association, 13(7), pp.P791-P792.
Poster Young, A.L., Marinescu, R.V., Oxtoby, N.P., Bocchetta, M., Cash, D.M., Thomas, D.L., Dick, K.M., Cardoso, M.J., Ourselin, S., van Swieten, J.C. and Borroni, B., 2017. Multiple Distinct Atrophy Patterns Found In Genetic Frontotemporal Dementia Using Subtype And Stage Inference (Sustain). Alzheimer’s & Dementia: The Journal of the Alzheimer’s Association, 13(7), pp.P453-P454.
Poster Primativo, S., Marinescu, R.V., Firth, N.C., Yong, K., Shakespeare, T.J., Gonzalez, A.S., Carton, A.M., Lehmann, M., Slattery, C.F., Paterson, R.W. and Foulkes, A.J., 2017. Longitudinal Evaluation Of Neuropsychological And Neuroimaging Progression In Posterior Cortical Atrophy. Alzheimer’s & Dementia: The Journal of the Alzheimer’s Association, 13(7), pp.P1382-P1383.
Poster Oxtoby, N.P., Young, A.L., Marinescu, R.V. and Alexander, D.C., 2017. Data-driven Models Of Disease Progression And Applications To Alzheimers Disease: Event-based Model And Differential Equation Models Of Biomarker Changes In ADNI. Alzheimer’s & Dementia: The Journal of the Alzheimer’s Association, 13(7), pp.P1323-P1325.
2016
Poster Firth, N.C., Brotherhood, E., Primativo, S., Young, A.L., Marinescu, R.V., Oxtoby, N.P., Crutch, S.J. and Alexander, D.C., 2016. Data-driven Disease Progression Modelling Using Neuropsychological Tests: Posterior Cortical Atrophy Vs Alzheimer’s Disease. Alzheimer’s & Dementia: The Journal of the Alzheimer’s Association, 12(7), pp.P963-P964.
2015
Poster Young, A.L., Oxtoby, N.P., Huang, J., Marinescu, R.V., Daga, P., Cash, D.M., Fox, N.C., Ourselin, S., Schott, J.M., Alexander, D.C. and Alzheimer’s Disease Neuroimaging Initiative, 2015, June. Multiple orderings of events in disease progression. In International Conference on Information Processing in Medical Imaging (pp. 711-722). Springer, Cham.
Theses
•	MEng thesis: On a new signature that quantifies topological structure in biological and economic networks. Supervisors: Natasa Przulj, Marek Sergot.
•	PhD thesis: Modelling the Neuroanatomical Progression of Alzheimer’s Disease and Posterior Cortical Atrophy, arXiv preprint arXiv:2003.04805 (2020). Supervisors: Daniel Alexander, Sebastian Crutch, Neil Oxtoby
Talks
•	Medical Image Generation and Analysis using Bayesian Generative Models, Stanford University, Computational Neuroscience Laboratory, June 2021
•	Medical Image Generation and Analysis using Bayesian Generative Models, University of California Santa Cruz, Computer Science Dept, Mar. 2021
•	Medical Image Generation and Analysis using Bayesian Generative Models, University of British Columbia, Electrical and Computer Engineering Dept., Mar. 2021
•	GAN Tutorial - From basics to current state-of-the-art, and towards key applications in medicine, Harvard DBMI Clinical Informatics Lecture Series, Sept. 2020
•	Boston PyData meetup, Feb. 2020Machine learning for prediction and visualisation of brain diseases. Demonstration on Alzheimer’s disease,
•	BrainPainter: A software for the visualisation of brain structures, biomarkers and associated pathological pro-cesses, MICCAI MBIA workshop, Nov. 2019
•	TADPOLE Challenge: Accurate Alzheimer’s disease prediction through crowdsourced forecasting of future dataMICCAI PRIME workshop, Nov. 2019	,
•	Modelling the Neuroanatomical Progression of Alzheimer’s Disease and Posterior Cortical AtrophyA. Martinos Center, Cambridge MA, April 2019	, Athinoula
•	A vertex clustering model for disease progression: application to cortical thickness imagesference on Information Processing in Medical Imaging, 2017 (Erbsmann Prize Runner-up). International Con-
Review experience
•	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR), 2021
•	Medical Image Computing and Computer Assisted Surgery (MICCAI), 2018, 2020
•	Information Processing in Medical Imaging (IPMI), 2019, 2021
•	Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS), 2020
•	NeurIPS Machine Learning for Health Workshop (ML4H), 2019
•	International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML), 2020
•	NeuroImage, 2019
•	Conference on Health, Inference, and Learning (CHIL), 2019
•	Nature Communications, 2021
•	IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence (PAMI), 2021
•	Alzheimer’s and Dementia, 2019, 2020
•	Journal of Alzheimer’s Disease (JAD), 2019, 2020
News Coverage
•	https://www.alzforum.org/news/community-news/tadpole-challenge-seeks-best-predictors-alzheimers
•	https://www.alzforum.org/news/community-news/tadpole-challenge-winners-forecast-ad-symptoms
•	https://adevarul.ro/locale/cluj-napoca/cercetator-roman-mit-domeniul-inteligentei-artificiale-robotii-vor-mai-multe-sarcini-chirurgii-vor-continua-conduca-operatiile-1 5e4525095163ec42710d3fb8/index.html
Software
•	BrainPainter: https://brainpainter.csail.mit.edu/
About me
•	Nationality: dual Romanian-British
•	Languages spoken: Romanian (native), English (fluent), German (intermediate)
•	Programming languages: Python, Java, C++, Haskell, Matlab, Prolog, Assembly x86
•	Technical Experience with: Git, Vim, LATEX, OS programming, Compilers
Exhibit 2
Google Scholar Profile of Dr. Razvan Marinescu
Razvan Marinescu	 All	Since 2016
	Postdoctoral Associate,	Citations	485	483
	MIT	h-index	10	10
	i10-index	10	10
Machine Learning

Progression of regional grey matter atrophy in multiple sclerosis
A Eshaghi, RV Marinescu, AL Young, NC Firth, F Prados, ...
Brain 141 (6), 1665-1677	121	2018
Uncovering the heterogeneity and temporal complexity of neurodegenerative diseases with Subtype and Stage Inference
A Young, R Marinescu, N Oxtoby, M Bocchetta, K Yong, N Firth, D Cash, ...
Nature Communications 9, 4273	101	2018
TADPOLE challenge: Prediction of longitudinal evolution in Alzheimer's disease
RV Marinescu, NP Oxtoby, AL Young, EE Bron, AW Toga, MW Weiner, ...
arXiv preprint arXiv:1805.03909	69	2018
Longitudinal neuroanatomical and cognitive progression of posterior cortical atrophy
NC Firth*, S Primativo*, RV Marinescu*, TJ Shakespeare, ...
Brain 142 (7), 2082-2095	37	2019
Multiple orderings of events in disease progression
AL Young, NP Oxtoby, J Huang, RV Marinescu, P Daga, DM Cash, ...
International Conference on Information Processing in Medical Imaging, 711-722	33	2015
DIVE: A spatiotemporal progression model of brain pathology in neurodegenerative disorders
RV Marinescu, A Eshaghi, M Lorenzi, AL Young, NP Oxtoby, S Garbarino, ...
NeuroImage 192, 166-177	30	2019
An image‐based model of brain volume biomarker changes in Huntington's disease
PA Wijeratne, AL Young, NP Oxtoby, RV Marinescu, NC Firth, ... Annals of clinical and translational neurology 5 (5), 570-582	23	2018
A vertex clustering model for disease progression: application to cortical thickness images
RV Marinescu, A Eshaghi, M Lorenzi, AL Young, NP Oxtoby, S Garbarino, ...
Information Processing in Medical Imaging (Erbsmann prize runner up), 134-145	14	2017
BrainPainter: A software for the visualisation of brain structures, biomarkers and associated pathological processes
RV Marinescu, A Eshaghi, DC Alexander, P Golland
MICCAI Workshop on Multimodal Brain Image Analysis and Mathematical …	13	2019
The Alzheimer's Disease Prediction Of Longitudinal Evolution (TADPOLE) Challenge: Results after 1 Year Follow-up
RV Marinescu, NP Oxtoby, AL Young, EE Bron, AW Toga, MW Weiner, ... arXiv preprint arXiv:2002.03419	10	2020
TADPOLE Challenge: Accurate Alzheimer’s Disease Prediction Through Crowdsourced Forecasting of Future Data
RV Marinescu, NP Oxtoby, AL Young, EE Bron, AW Toga, MW Weiner, ...
MICCAI International Workshop on PRedictive Intelligence In MEdicine, 1-10	9	2019
Uncovering the heterogeneity and temporal complexity of neurodegenerative diseases with subtype and stage inference. Nat Commun 9: 4273
AL Young, RV Marinescu, NP Oxtoby, M Bocchetta, K Yong, NC Firth, ...	7	2018
InSpect: INtegrated SPECTral component estimation and mapping for multi-contrast microstructural
MRI
PJ Slator, J Hutter, RV Marinescu, M Palombo, AL Young, LH Jackson, ...
International Conference on Information Processing in Medical Imaging, 755-766	6	2019
Differences in topological progression profile among neurodegenerative diseases from imaging data
S Garbarino, M Lorenzi, NP Oxtoby, EJ Vinke, RV Marinescu, A Eshaghi, ... Elife 8, e49298	5	2019
Predicting Alzheimer's disease progression: Results from the TADPOLE Challenge
RV Marinescu, EE Bron, NP Oxtoby, AL Young, AW Toga, MW Weiner, ...
Alzheimer's & Dementia 16, e039538	2	2020
	TITLE	CITED BY	YEAR

A Data‐Driven Comparison of the Progression of Brain Atrophy in Posterior Cortical Atrophy and	2	2016 Alzheimer's Disease
RV Marinescu, AL Young, NP Oxtoby, NC Firth, M Lorenzi, A Eshaghi, ...
Alzheimer's & Dementia 12, P401-P402
	Bayesian Image Reconstruction using Deep Generative Models	1	2020
RV Marinescu, D Moyer, P Golland arXiv preprint arXiv:2012.04567
	Data-Driven Multi-contrast Spectral Microstructure Imaging with InSpect	1	2020
PJ Slator, J Hutter, RV Marinescu, M Palombo, LH Jackson, A Ho, ...
International Conference on Medical Image Computing and Computer-Assisted …
	Disease Knowledge Transfer across Neurodegenerative Diseases	1	2019
RV Marinescu, M Lorenzi, S Blumberg, AL Young, PP Morell, NP Oxtoby, ...
Medical Image Computing and Computer Assisted Intervention (MICCAI)
Data-Driven multi-Contrast spectral microstructure imaging with InSpect: INtegrated SPECTral	2021 component estimation and mapping
PJ Slator, J Hutter, RV Marinescu, M Palombo, LH Jackson, A Ho, ...
Medical Image Analysis 71, 102045
	BrainPainter v2: Mouse Brain Visualization Software	2021
V Mallela, P Golland, RV Marinescu arXiv preprint arXiv:2103.14696
	Radiomic Signature of White Matter Hyperintensities Is Associated With Clinical Phenotypes	2021
M Bretzner, AK Bonkhoff, MD Schirmer, S Hong, AV Dalca, KL Donahue, ...
	Show, don't tell: Brain visualisations for neuroimaging studies: Neuroimaging/multi‐modal comparisons	2020
RV Marinescu, AL Young
Alzheimer's & Dementia 16, e041997
	Show, don't tell. Brain visualisations for neuroimaging studies	2020
RV Marinescu, AL Young
2020 Alzheimer's Association International Conference
Modelling the Neuroanatomical Progression of Alzheimer's Disease and Posterior Cortical Atrophy	2020 (PhD thesis)
RV Marinescu arXiv preprint arXiv:2003.04805
IC‐P‐076: GENOMEWIDE ASSOCIATION STUDY OF DATA‐DRIVEN ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE	2018 SUBTYPES
AL Young, MA Scelsi, RV Marinescu, JM Schott, S Ourselin, ...
Alzheimer's & Dementia 14 (7S_Part_1), P67-P68
	Mechanistic Profiles Of Neurodegeneration: A Study In Alzheimer’s Disease, Healthy Ageing And	2018
Primary Progressive Multiple Sclerosis
S Garbarino, M Lorenzi, E Vinke, RV Marinescu, NP Oxtoby, A Eshaghi, ...
Alzheimer's & Dementia: The Journal of the Alzheimer's Association 14 (7 …
[IC‐P‐079]: MULTIPLE DISTINCT ATROPHY PATTERNS FOUND IN GENETIC FRONTOTEMPORAL	2017 DEMENTIA USING SUBTYPE AND STAGE INFERENCE (SUSTAIN)
AL Young, RV Marinescu, NP Oxtoby, M Bocchetta, DM Cash, DL Thomas, ... Alzheimer's & Dementia 13 (7S_Part_1), P65-P66
	[P2–414]: CHARACTERISING THE PROGRESSION OF ALZHEIMER's DISEASE SUBTYPES USING	2017
SUBTYPE AND STAGE INFERENCE (SUSTAIN)
AL Young, RV Marinescu, K Yong, NC Firth, NP Oxtoby, DM Cash, ...
Alzheimer's & Dementia 13 (7S_Part_16), P791-P792
Longitudinal Evaluation Of Neuropsychological And Neuroimaging Progression In Posterior Cortical 2017 Atrophy
S Primativo, RV Marinescu, NC Firth, K Yong, TJ Shakespeare, ...
Alzheimer's & Dementia: The Journal of the Alzheimer's Association 13 (7 …
Data-driven Models Of Disease Progression And Applications To Alzheimer’s Disease: Event-based	2017 Model And Differential Equation Models Of Biomarker Changes In ADNI
NP Oxtoby, AL Young, RV Marinescu, DC Alexander
Alzheimer's & Dementia: The Journal of the Alzheimer's Association 13 (7 …
	TITLE	CITED BY	YEAR

Analysis Of The Heterogeneity Of Posterior Cortical Atrophy: Data-driven Model Predicts Distinct Atrophy Patterns For Three Different Cognitive Subgroups
RV Marinescu, S Primativo, AL Young, NP Oxtoby, NC Firth, A Eshaghi, ...
Alzheimer's & Dementia: The Journal of the Alzheimer's Association 13 (7 …	2017
Progression of regional grey matter atrophy in multiple sclerosis
A Eshaghi, RV Marinescu, AL Young, NC Firth, F Prados, MJ Cardoso, ... bioRxiv, 190116	2017
MEng Individual Project	2014
RV Marinescu
Imperial College London 
Exhibit 3
Supporting letter and bio from QR, XX Professor of EECS, MIT, United States
37
Exhibit 4
Supporting letter and bio from Prof. UZ, National University of XYZ
38
Faculty of Engineering
Department of Electrical & Computer Engineering
13 April, 2021
Department of Homeland Security
United States Citizenship and Immigration Services
Dear USCIS Officer,
I am writing this recommendation letter as an independent reviewer of Dr. Razvan Marinescu's research. Dr. Marinescu is a scientist of extraordinary abilities, and I strongly support his application for a permanent residence in the United States.
I am XXXX, Associate Professor in Electrical and Computer Engineering, and the deputy director of the Centre for XX Research at the National University of XXX. I am also an affiliate faculty member of the Centre for XXXX, the Institute of XXX, and the Institute for XXX at the National University of XXX, as well as the Laboratory for Computational Neuroimaging at XXXX. I serve the research community in various roles, as an editor for the peer-reviewed journals XX and XXX and on the program committee of the Organization of XXXX. I did my B.Sc. and M.Sc. in Electrical Engineering at XXX, and my PhD in Computer Science at the XXXX.
My research aims to study and understand the fundamental principles of brain network organization. My laboratory develops machine learning and artificial intelligence algorithms to automatically generate scientific discoveries from large-scale datasets comprising thousands of subjects with brain magnetic resonance imaging, behavioral, genetic and other physiological measures. My work, particularly in functional connectivity, has been rewarded with multiple prizes, such as the XX Early Career Investigator Award, and I am particularly well known for the creation of XXX, that is used in laboratories world-wide and has received more than 3400 citations to date. My research is received with great interest beyond the expert community and has been featured in the XX, the XX, XX, XX and other popular media. I am a recognized expert in applied machine learning and, like Dr. Marinescu, have also created algorithms for the prediction of Alzheimer's disease and related neurodegenerative diseases. Therefore, I believe I am more than qualified to offer this independent assessment.
I have never met Dr. Marinescu in person, but I am aware of his original scientific contributions to the field of medical artificial intelligence. I have first come in contact with his work in 2017, when my research team decided to participate in TADPOLE, the international challenge Dr. Marinescu organized which aimed to evaluate algorithms that predict the progression of Alzheimer's disease. TADPOLE is a one-of-a-kind challenge and benchmark for comparing a variety of algorithms and methods for the challenging task of predicting Alzheimer's disease, a key neurodegenerative disease affecting millions of people worldwide. While previous algorithms in our research field were all tested on different datasets and with different target variables to be predicted, TADPOLE created a standardized evaluation framework which made all algorithms' performance comparable. Thirty-three international teams from nine different Faculty of Engineering
Department of Electrical & Computer Engineering
countries, with approximately three members each, participated in the challenge, and submitted a total of ninety-two prediction algorithms.
Dr. Marinescu has also been the key leader in the organization and running of the TADPOLE Challenge, and played a critical role at various points along the process. He was among the four main organizers (alongside Daniel Alexander, Neil Oxtoby and Alexandra Young) who initially came up with the design of the challenge and created the website detailing the competition, cocreated with Neil Oxtoby the datasets for the teams, assisted the teams with running their algorithms and with the tasks they had to solve, solely evaluated and analyzed all the prediction results, and liaised with all the participating teams on accurately synthesizing the description of their algorithms in the final manuscript. Dr. Marinescu presented these results in three scientific articles that already have more than 60 citations. He also presented the final results at the Medical Image Computing and Computer Assisted Surgery (MICCAI) International Conference, the leading venue in medical AI, as well as at the Alzheimer's Association International Conference, the top conference on Alzheimer's disease research.
Through TADPOLE, Dr. Marinescu made a huge scientific contribution to our research field. First, it helped establish how well and how early we can predict Alzheimer's disease with computational algorithms, what are the state-of-the-art algorithms for Alzheimer's disease prediction, and what types of input data are most informative for such predictions. Secondly, Alzheimer's disease is a devastating disease worldwide, with currently more than 50 million people affected, and having associated costs of approximately $100 billion in the United States alone. The ability to detect the disease early, using such AI algorithms, can improve the healthcare management of millions of people worldwide, and also lower the economic costs and caregiver efforts for managing Alzheimer's disease patients.
Dr. Marinescu is also one of the leading experts in disease progression modelling, having published several articles on this topic. First, he published DIVE , a novel vertexwise model for learning and clustering temporal trajectories of Alzheimer's disease subjects. The DIVE model was a highly original contribution to the field and was very well-received at the Information Processing for Medical Imaging conference (IPMI), having been nominated for the Francois Erbsmann prize. As an expert in the field, I can attest that IPMI is one of the leading venues in medical image analysis and medical artificial intelligence, and only outstanding contributions are considered for the Francois Erbsmann prize at IPMI. The paper has since gathered 23 citations, and a follow-up model  that builds on DIVE has already been implemented by the research team at INRIA, France. In addition, Dr. Marinescu's DIVE article was published in the NeuroImage journal. As the editor of the journal myself, I can confirm that the acceptance standards are very high, with only the best articles being accepted for publication.
Faculty of Engineering
Department of Electrical & Computer Engineering
Dr. Marinescu has also authored other prominent works on disease progression models. The "SuStaIn" model, published in the Nature Communications journal, is a novel technique that can find, within a disease population, multiple sub-populations that progress with different disease patterns. The SuStaIn model discovered that, in Frontotemporal Dementia, the patients with a specific mutation (C9orf72) were actually composed of two distinct groups, instead of a single uniform group as it was believed until that time. Dr. Marinescu also used disease progression models to study not just Alzheimer's disease or Frontotemporal Dementia, but other key neurodegenerative diseases such as Posterior Cortical Atrophy, Multiple Sclerosis and Huntington's Disease, having authored and co-authored more than 4 scientific articles on these neurodegenerative diseases.
As an expert in the field, I can attest that Dr. Marinescu published in the leading journals and conferences in medical AI as well as neurology. The Medical Image Computing and Computer Assisted Surgery (MICCAI) conference, where Dr. Marinescu authored three papers, is the leading venue on theoretical and technical work on artificial intelligence and machine learning for medical applications, having an impact factor of 11.14. On the other hand, the neurology journal "Brain", where Dr. Marinescu authored two articles, one as joint-first author and the other as second author, is the one of the leading journals on neurology and neuroscience, which has been circulating since 1878 and has an impact factor of 11.33.
To conclude, Dr. Marinescu is scientist of extraordinary ability, who has made many contributions to our research field. He is a highly recognized leader in disease progression modeling and artificial intelligence prediction algorithms for medicine, two very important scientific areas. If he is to stay in the United States, he would be a great asset to the country, and can continue to make important new contributions in research and beyond. I therefore urge you to favorably consider his application for permanent residence in the United States. Very Truly Yours,
XXXXX
Associate Professor, Department of Electrical & Computer Engineering
XXXXXXXX
Exhibit 5
Supporting letter and bio from Prof. GC, Professor of Neuroradiology, XYZ
University Medical Center, Country A
42
To whom it may concern,
This letter is in support of Dr. Marinescu's application for permanent residency in the United States. Dr. Marinescu is an scientist of extraordinary talent with an outstanding reputation, and among the most productive and innovative figures in the field of medical Artificial Intelligence (AI).
I am Professor in XX at the Department of XX at the XXX XXX, XX, and full Professor of XX at the Institute of XXXX. [...] I am the Scientific Director of XXX, involved in the analysis of multicentre drug trials. I serve on the Editorial boards of multiple journals, including XXXXX. My research interests focus on Multiple Sclerosis, on dementias such as Alzheimer's disease, and on the normal ageing process.
Through these research activities I have come in contact with Dr. Marinescu on scientific research, being a scientific advisor for the TADPOLE Challenge that he conducted. TADPOLE is the leading international challenge and benchmark of computational models for predicting subjects at risk of Alzheimer's disease. The challenge received a lot of interest from researchers, media and institutions around the world: more than 30 international teams participated with almost 100 different prediction models, was widely featured in the media and received sponsorship from the three main Alzheimer's disease charities Alzheimer's Association, The Alzheimer's Society, and Alzheimer's Research UK. In addition, the contribution of TADPOLE towards the field was immense. In particular, the most surprising result was that while the models could predict the clinical diagnosis and measures from MRI, they could not reliably predict cognitive scores that are routinely used in clinical trials of Alzheimer's disease. This finding has important implications for clinical trials, and also highly impacted the field: many researchers are now working on improving the predictions models for cognitive tests.
Dr. Marinescu has also made highly original contributions in the field of disease progression modelling, having authored and co-authored more than 11 scientific articles on this topic. One of his landmark contributions, the DIVE model, estimated the progression of Alzheimer's brain pathology markers at each location in the brain. In another landmark study Dr. Marinescu coauthored with Dr. Eshaghi, they applied such disease progression models on the largest cohort to date of subjects with Multiple Sclerosis, and found that the brain gray matter is affected in a specific sequence of events that they described. The publications are both well cited, and their models widely used in the research community, with DIVE and its precursor having more than 37 citations, while the Multiple Sclerosis study already receiving more than 104 citations. As one of the world experts in Multiple Sclerosis and Alzheimer's disease, I can confirm that such models are of crucial importance for identifying the right subjects for clinical trials, and I am aware that pharmaceutical companies are already using their models for the analysis of their imaging data in Alzheimer's disease and Multiple Sclerosis drug trials.
Dr. Marinescu has further made landmark contributions to the study of Posterior Cortical Atrophy, a recently recognized variant of Alzheimer's disease that affects the visual cortex. Dr. Marinescu, through his scientific article published in the journal Brain as well as his PhD thesis, elucidated the temporal progression of Posterior Cortical Atrophy, and showed that it is indeed distinct from that of Alzheimer's disease. He further analysed the progression patterns in three different subgroups of Posterior Cortical Atrophy with different clinical presentations, and showed that these subgroups again have different progression profiles of brain atrophy. These contributions are fundamental for clinical trials in Posterior Cortical Atrophy, and will help the management of all patients suffering from this disorder (~2.5 million people worldwide).
The journals Dr. Marinescu has published in are the leading journals in the field. For example, the journal XXX, [...], has a very high acceptance standard, and only the leading scientific articles with major impact to the field are accepted. Other journals such as Nature Communications and NeuroImage also have a similarly high standard. Similarly, the leading international conferences in medical AI, Medical Image Computing and Computer Assisted Intervention (MICCAI) and Information Processing in Medical Imaging (IPMI), also only accept truly novel contributions. In addition, in contrast to conferences that only require abstract submissions, these conferences require articles fully describing the methods and results in their entirety, so publications in MICCAI and IPMI are often comparable to journal publications in their own right.
Dr. Marinescu is a scientific leader of extraordinary ability, who has risen to the very top of the field of medical Artificial Intelligence. His pioneering work on disease progression modelling has influenced many later developments and have led to a better understanding of many neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's disease, Posterior Cortical Atrophy and Multiple Sclerosis. In addition, through his TADPOLE project, he helped push forward the state-of-the-art AI models for the prediction of Alzheimer's disease. As a XXXX[anonymized role], I can confirm that Artificial Intelligence models such as those developed by Dr. Marinescu will play a pivotal role in future healthcare.
In summary, Dr. Marinescu has made many original contributions of major significance to the field, and will continue to do so in the future. It would thus greatly benefit the United States to have Dr. Marinescu as a permanent resident, and I give my full support to his petition.  Sincerely,
Exhibit 6
Supporting letter and bio from Prof. TF, Professor of Neuropsychology, XYZ
45
11 May 2021
Dear USCIS officers,
I am writing this recommendation letter on behalf of Dr. Razvan Marinescu for his petition for permanent residency based on his extraordinary abilities. I had the pleasure to be Dr. Marinescu's XX advisor during his PhD at University College London, and have worked with him since 2014. Dr. Marinescu is a scientist of outstanding talent, who has made many contributions of major impact to our research field, and I strongly support his application for residency in the United States.
I am a Professor of XX at the XX, XX, one of the top 3 neuroscience institutes in the world. My research focuses on rare and young onset dementias, especially Posterior Cortical Atrophy (PCA), the so-called “visual variant” of Alzheimer’s disease (AD). My work has led to improved understanding of dementiarelated visual impairment and the causes and consequences of atypical AD more generally. I was awarded the 2015 Alzheimer’s Society Dementia Research Leader Award, and the 2012 British Neuropsychological Society 10th Elizabeth Warrington Prize. I am one of the leading experts on Posterior Cortical Atrophy, having written and contributed more than 78 scientific articles on this disease. In particular, I am the lead author of the Lancet Neurology article from 2012 on Posterior Cortical Atrophy, which has been cited more than 450 times so far and has been the most influential article on this disease since the study of D.F. Tang-Wai in 2004. Given my expertise, I believe I can offer a good account of Dr. Marinescu's contributions to the field, particularly his work on Posterior Cortical Atrophy and other atypical dementias.
Dr. Marinescu, in collaboration with Dr. Firth and Dr. Primativo, authored the first comprehensive longitudinal study on the progression of Posterior Cortical Atrophy. In this landmark study, Dr. Marinescu used Artificial Intelligence models to estimate the evolution of brain atrophy in the largest study population of subjects of Posterior Cortical Atrophy to date. He resolved precisely which brain regions are affected, and in which exact temporal order, which was until then poorly understood. The article, while recently published in 2019, has already been cited more than 32 times. As a leading expert in Posterior Cortical Atrophy, I can certify that this study was of paramount importance for the field: it provided the very first glimpse into the temporal evolution of Posterior Cortical Atrophy, which is necessary for understanding its fundamental mechanisms and for running future clinical trials. In addition, given that most subjects with Posterior Cortical Atrophy are given drug treatments normally given for typical Alzheimer's disease, this study provided strong evidence that Posterior Cortical Atrophy is likely to be a different disease that will require specialised drug treatments compared to typical Alzheimer's disease.
In his PhD thesis as well as the article submitted to the Alzheimer's Association International Conference (AAIC), Dr. Marinescu was among the very first to study the evolution of brain pathology in different subgroups within Posterior Cortical Atrophy. The work done by Dr. Marinescu proved that different clinical symptoms indeed correspond to different brain regions affected. This work is of major importance for future personalised medicine, as drugs and therapies tailored to specific individuals or subgroups will be more effective and have fewer side effects.
Dr. Marinescu has done outstanding work on brain diseases other than Alzheimer’s and Posterior Cortical Atrophy. His seminal work on the Subtype and Stage Inference (SuStaIn) model has revealed the precise variability in brain pathology in patients with Frontotemporal dementia (FTD), and importantly, found that the patients with the C9orf72 mutation are more diverse than previously thought. Dr. Marinescu, together with Dr. Eshaghi, also authored a prominent study on the evolution of Multiple Sclerosis in the largest cohort to date (more than 3000 subjects), which demonstrated that the brain regions in Multiple Sclerosis become affected in a precise sequence that they mapped. Dr. Marinescu has also recently co-authored another study in the Elife journal on the role that brain neural connections play in Multiple Sclerosis and Alzheimer's disease, as well as another publication on the progression of Huntington’s disease, a neurodegenerative disease affecting the motor cortex. All these publications highlight the wide remit of Dr. Marinescu’s AI models, in particular the disease progression models, that can be applied to many different brain diseases in order to clarify and understand their progression over time. Given the millions of people around the world affected by these diseases, Dr. Marinescu’s work is of large impact to society.
Dr. Marinescu authored articles in the leading journals and conferences of the field. Nature Communications, where Dr. Marinescu co-authored the SuStaIn model, is a journal of outstanding research in all areas of natural sciences, with a 2-year impact factor of 12.121. Brain is one of the leading journals on neuroscience and neurology, where Dr. Marinescu published two articles, one as joint-first author. Neuroimage is another leading journal covering research in neuroimaging, with an impact factor of 5.8. Several well-known and prolific authors have published in Neuroimage, including Karl Friston and Arthur W. Toga. In terms of conferences, Dr. Marinescu has published multiple articles in the Medical Image Computing and Computer Assisted Interventions (MICCAI) and Information Processing in Medical Imaging (IPMI) conferences. These are highly technical conferences where key AI experts in medicine, as well as AI and pharmaceutical companies attend. As a clinical researcher in brain diseases, I can confirm that many of the methods published in these two conferences have a strong downstream impact on the medical problems we work on. In addition, Dr. Marinescu has also published with me as well as collaborators three articles at the Alzheimer's Association International Conference (AAIC), and in particular gave an oral presentation on the results of his TADPOLE study. The standard for being invited to give an oral presentation at the AAIC conference is very high, with fewer than 5% of submissions being offered an oral presentation.
Dr. Marinescu has not only published in the leading journals and conferences of the field, but also reviewed the work of other scientists for these journals. This is a crucial service for the research community, as it helps keep the publication standard to a very high quality. I should emphasize that only leading researchers with domain knowledge and expertise are invited to review for such journals and conferences.
Dr. Marinescu has made outstanding contributions of great impact to field of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning in Medicine. He is truly among the very top researchers in his field. Following his PhD at
University College London, he was invited to pursue his research further at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, the world's best research laboratory for his field. I was very fortunate to have worked with him during his PhD, and I am certain his career trajectory will further increase. I strongly support his application for permanent residency in the United States.
Yours sincerely,
Professor of Neuropsychology
Exhibit 7
Supporting letter and bio from TI, Role XYZ, Company XYZ, United States
48
22nd April 2021
Dear Officers of the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services,
I am very happy to write this letter in support of the petition filed for Dr. Razvan Marinescu based on his extraordinary contributions to the field of medical Artificial Intelligence, and in particular his work on disease progression modelling. Dr. Razvan Marinescu is a scientist of extraordinary ability, and his work has already made a major impact in the research field as well as in the pharmaceutical sector.
I am XXX (MD, PhD), current XX and Head of XXXX at XX. Previously, I was a Medical Director for XX and later Head of XX. During XX, I was a Senior Medical Director for the XXX program and Disease Area Head for XX in Multiple Sclerosis and Neuroscience at XXX. I am also a member of the XX Neurological Society and was an XX Professor of Neurology at the University of XX. I have almost 10 years of XX experience in the biopharmaceutical sector, and have (co)authored more than 140 scientific articles on neuroscience, particularly on Multiple Sclerosis, a demyelinating disease affecting 2.3 million people globally.
I first met Dr. Marinescu in October 2020, when XX, the Director of Artificial Intelligence at XX, invited Dr. Marinescu to present and discuss his work on disease progression modelling. Dr. Marinescu coauthored a highly influential article on a novel disease progression model called SuStaIn, that can identify, within a specific disease, multiple subgroups with different progression profiles. Additionally, Dr. Marinescu has also co-authored another high-profile article on mapping the evolution of neurodegeneration in Multiple Sclerosis using disease progression models. We at XX have been extremely interested in the modelling approach used by Dr. Marinescu, and have used it for our brain imaging data in Multiple Sclerosis. I should highlight that such models are critical for our 5 clinical trials in Alzheimer's disease, as well as our 2 clinical trials in Multiple Sclerosis, as they can predict the disease evolution of individual subjects undergoing the clinical trials, help select the most suitable subjects for going into the trial, and help select the right target measure for evaluating the drug effects. Given the potential to impact all our clinical trials, that incur costs in the order of millions of dollars, our Artificial Intelligence team has implemented and built on Dr. Marinescu's models.
Another influential work by Dr. Marinescu that we have been paying very close attention is the TADPOLE Competition, which compares algorithms at predicting the progression of individuals at risk of Alzheimer's disease. These algorithms are highly useful towards identifying the most suitable patients that can go into our clinical trials, i.e. those that will benefit the most from the drug treatments. This solves one key issue we often face in clinical trials, that of cohort diversity due to different underlying genetics and pathology, which often obscures treatment effects. The computational models from the TADPOLE Challenge can help us select homogeneous groups of patients, thereby increasing the treatment effects in drug trials.
Dr. Marinescu's work on understanding disease progression of Alzheimer's disease and Multiple Sclerosis can have immense implications to enhance the probability of success of transformative drug development at the stage of pivotal clinical trials in those devastating neurological diseases affecting millions of people
Worldwide. There is currently no approved treatment for Alzheimer's disease that can stop cognitive decline, and all clinical trials so far have failed due to wrong treatment targets, wrong patients selected for trials, and difficulty in measuring treatment effects. Through Dr. Marinescu's work, which improves the understanding of such diseases, and could lead to better targets and cohort selection, there is increased hope that disease-modifying treatments will alter the course of Alzheimer's disease in the future.
Dr. Marinescu is a leading scientist who has risen to the very top of the field of medical Artificial Intelligence (AI). His AI models are already used by our research teams at XX, and we are currently keeping a close collaboration with him. In addition, Dr. Marinescu has extraordinary technical skills, as well as a deep fundamental understanding of medical problems. As the XX for XX at XX, who has been involved with recruiting top talent for many years, I can assure you that Dr. Marinescu's skills and contributions are exceptional and only matched by a very small percentage of researchers worldwide.
In summary, I strongly support Dr. Marinescu is his petition for a green card based on his extraordinary abilities in science and the impact of his work. Please do not hesitate to contact me directly if I can provide further information on Dr. Marinescu.
Sincerely,  
Exhibit 8
Supporting letter and bio from Dr. DI, Senior Director of XYZ, Company XYZ,
United States
51
April 25, 2021
To whom it may concern,

I write this reference letter in support of Dr. Razvan Marinescu, currently a postdoctoral researcher at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), who is petitioning for permanent residence in the United States based  on his extraordinary abilities. Dr. Marinescu is an exceptional scientist and leader who has made contributions of  major importance to the field, and I strongly support his application.

I am XX, the XXX at XXX.
I manage a team focused on exploratory data analysis and development of prediction models that improve clinical  trials. Before moving to XXX, I was the XXX at XXX,
working on assay development projects and discovery of novel biomarkers, which are disease markers used for  diagnosis, prognosis and treatment response predictions. I have more than 10 years of experience in XXX in  the biopharmaceutical sector. I hold a Diploma in XXXX from the University of XXX  and a doctorate from the University of XX in XXX, and have authored more than 20 scientific  articles on novel disease markers and statistical methods for predicting Alzheimer's disease and other diseases.

I first heard of Dr. Marinescu's work in 2017, when our team at XXX decided to participate in the TADPOLE  Challenge, which he organized during his PhD at University College London. As part of the challenge, we had to  create an algorithm that could automatically predict which subjects, out of a total of 800, would develop Alzheimer's  disease in the future. This task was well aligned with our objectives of building computational AI models for early  diagnosis of diseases such as Alzheimer's disease. While at XXXXX we had many years of experience with such  algorithms, it was not an easy task due to the complexity of the problem. Eventually, we managed to create a good
algorithm for making accurate predictions, [XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXX]. The impact of the TADPOLE competition in Alzheimer's disease prediction research cannot be  overstated: around 30-40 international teams participated in the competition from both academia and the biotech  industry, it was backed by the three main Alzheimer’s disease charities worldwide (Alzheimer’s Association, The  Alzheimer’s Society and Alzheimer’s Research UK), and it entirely reshaped the research field regarding what are  the best AI methods for predicting such a disease. In addition, the ability to predict Alzheimer’s disease is crucial for  our clinical trials at XXXXXXXXX, because we can more accurately screen subjects to undergo such clinical trials,  increase the precision of treatment effect estimates by adjusting for explained variability (predicted by the models),  and monitor the progression of subjects in our existing trials.

Dr. Marinescu has been an outstanding leader during the organization and running of TADPOLE. He helped all the  teams, including ourselves, understand the problem statement, how to use the dataset, and offered us algorithms to  get started with. When we had clarifications, we always reached out to him via email or on the forum. He also  analyzed and evaluated all our submissions and worked with us to summarize all our technical methods in the final
manuscript. He presented the final analysis at the two main conferences in the field, the Medical Image Computing  and Computer Assisted Interventions (MICCAI 2019), as well as the Alzheimer's Association International
Conference (AAIC 2020), and the results were received with great enthusiasm by the whole research community.

Dr. Marinescu has also published DIVE[1] (“Data-driven Inference of Vertexwise Evolution”), a well-known  predictive model of Alzheimer's disease that identifies highly detailed patterns of pathology in the brain. The DIVE  model can be used not only to predict the future evolution of Alzheimer's disease subjects, but also to identify new  Alzheimer's disease biomarkers that can be used to diagnose the disease and monitor its progression. My team at  XXXXX has been working for several years on developing novel biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease, and I can  confirm that Dr. Marinescu's work is of fundamental importance for the research field, and had a significant impact  on future development of AI prediction models for Alzheimer's disease. It was, for instance, cited more than 24
times, while the precursor[2] to DIVE, also by Dr. Marinescu, was cited more than 14 times so far.

Dr. Marinescu is also very well-known for his work on disease progression models, a specific class of medical AI models which predict not just the diagnosis of a particular patient, but their entire future progression. He worked on several major research projects in this line of research, such as a major study of Multiple Sclerosis, which gathered more than 106 citations so far, and the SuStaIn model, which characterized the disease variability in both
Alzheimer's disease and Frontotemporal Dementia, and which gathered more than 85 citations so far. Given the huge burden of such diseases, currently affecting more than 3 million people in the United States alone, and the lack of suitable treatments, the work of Dr. Marinescu is of paramount importance for healthcare in the US and worldwide and can have even more impact in the future due to increasing prevalence of these diseases.

Given his major contributions in the field of medical Artificial Intelligence, in particular through his scientific publications, Dr. Marinescu is truly among the very top of his research field. His work has had significant impact not just in academia, but also in the biopharmaceutical industry, best exemplified by the fact that our company XXXXXXX put together a team to participate in his challenge and build an AI prediction model for Alzheimer's  disease. Moreover, his research work has impacted not just Alzheimer's disease, but many other diseases such as Multiple Sclerosis and Frontotemporal dementia, which are major healthcare challenges of our times and into the future.

To conclude, Dr. Marinescu is an outstanding scientist of extraordinary ability in the field of Artificial Intelligence in Medicine. I strongly support his efforts to petition for permanent residency in the United States, and I can guarantee that he will be a valuable asset for the country.

Yours sincerely,


[1]	Marinescu, Razvan V., et al. "DIVE: A spatiotemporal progression model of brain pathology in neurodegenerative disorders." NeuroImage 192 (2019): 166-177.

[2]	Marinescu, Razvan V, et al. "A vertex clustering model for disease progression: application to cortical thickness images." International conference on Information Processing in Medical Imaging. Springer, Cham, 2017.
Exhibit 9
Supporting letter and bio from Prof. FC, Professor of X, Univ Y, United States
54
	US Customs and Immigration Services 	April 22, 2021
Dear USCIS representatives:
This is a recommendation letter for Dr. Razvan Marinescu, an applicant for an EB1A visa. I have known Dr. Marinescu for two years while he has been a postdoctoral researcher at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). Aside from his scientific research, Dr. Marinescu is an extraordinary leader, who has been the President of the MIT Postdoctoral Association, a key association overseeing all postdoctoral researchers at MIT. Given my involvement in the MIT administration, and my role as XX of the MIT Postdoctoral Association, I am very happy to provide this recommendation letter for Dr. Marinescu.
I a Professor of XX at MIT and former Head of the XXX during XX. I am a XX whose research lies in XXX. I served as MIT’s XXXX from XXX, and have served on numerous national committees and task forces on XXX. ... During the past 3 years, I have also served as XX to the MIT Postdoctoral Association, so I am highly familiar with their work and impact across the research community at MIT.
The MIT Postdoctoral Association (PDA) is an organization that supports MIT postdoctoral researchers during their professional research and career development. The Association oversees all postdoctoral researchers at MIT, currently numbering more than 1500, who are spread across more than 50 research centers and institutes across MIT. The association serves as a liaison between postdoctoral researchers and the faculty and administration of MIT, and strives to engage with and improve the MIT community. The MIT PDA aims to enhance all aspects of the postdoctoral research experience and to foster a sense of community which promotes and encourages an environment of peer support. The MIT PDA has an Executive Board which is responsible for the general operations, and is currently composed of five executive officers: President, Vice President, Treasurer, Corresponding Secretary and Recording Secretary. The association also comprises a standing committee of around nine additional officers, responsible for fulfilling specific responsibilities. The MIT PDA is governed by a constitution, which was last ratified in 2012.
Given all the functions and responsibilities that the Postdoctoral Association has, its role is of critical importance for all postdoctoral researchers at MIT, and for MIT altogether. In contrast to local postdoctoral associations specific to a particular MIT department or laboratory, the MIT Postdoctoral Association is the only organization that represents all postdoctoral researchers across all departments within MIT, so it's work has a broad impact across the entire Institute. To highlight how important the
PDA is for MIT, the organization managed over the last few years to increase the benefits of Postdoctoral Fellows, those postdoctoral researchers with funding from outside MIT but who otherwise conduct research at MIT, to match those of Postdoctoral Associates, who are currently funded by MIT. While Postdoctoral Fellows, who represent 30% of all postdoctoral researchers, did not previously have subsidized health insurance, retirement benefits, and subsidized access to public transportation, due to the efforts of the MIT PDA they are now able to enjoy all these benefits just like the rest of the postdoctoral researchers.
Dr. Marinescu was initially elected in August 2019 as Vice President of the PDA by the MIT postdoctoral researchers. However, two months later, due to the previous President having to unexpectedly leave the role, Dr. Marinescu was voted by the PDA board as the new President. While this was a significant increase in his responsibilities, Dr. Marinescu very quickly learned the PDA organizational structure, its constitution and bylaws, and how to lead the organization. I should emphasize that obtaining such an executive role in the Postdoctoral Association is extremely difficult, as anyone of the 1500 postdoctoral researchers at MIT can stand for election, and the candidates each need to prepare a clear manifesto outlining solutions to key problems, and convince all other postdoctoral researchers to vote them. Prior leadership experience is also essential to be elected in such a role.
In the role of PDA president, Dr. Marinescu had significant responsibilities. He presided, chaired and set the agenda for all General Meetings, acted as a liaison between the MIT PDA and the Office of the Vice President for Research, acted as a representative of MIT PDA in the Faculty Postdoc Advisory Committee. Internally, he was responsible for the overall condition of the Postdoctoral Association, ensured that all other officer positions are filled, and coordinated the training of incoming officers. The PDA President role is very demanding, as it involves organizing and running a board of 15-20 PDA officers, representing all MIT postdoctoral researchers, currently numbering more than 1500, in faculty meetings and externally outside MIT, and listening to the needs of postdoctoral researchers and working with the PDA board to find solutions.
During his tenure, Dr. Marinescu, as PDA President, was also on the hiring committee for the new MIT Institute Community and Equity Officer (ICEO), which selected in February 2020 John Dozier, an experienced higher-education leader, in the role. Given that XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, I can confirm that the ICEO is a critical role at MIT, and reports straight to the Provost, Martin A. Schmidt, with a mandate to develop and implement diversity and inclusion strategies for the institute.
Under the leadership of Dr. Marinescu, the MIT Postdoctoral Association has had many accomplishments and launched many initiatives for all postdoctoral researchers at MIT. It ran several new career development programs, such as a six-month mentorship program for postdocs interested in academia or industry, several panel discussions on topics regarding academic research and future career pathways, and also launched a new Diversity, Equity and Inclusion journal club, where MIT postdoctoral researchers discussed scientific articles on diversity and inclusion topics. They also started collaborations with other Postdoctoral Associations, such as the Boston-Area PDA, as well as the Harvard PDA.  Perhaps one of the most important initiatives undertaken by Dr. Marinescu was to organize a session where 10 representative postdoctoral researchers across MIT met with 15 members of the MIT Corporation who were visiting the office of the Vice President for Research, in order to give them feedback about postdoctoral academic life. The session had a major impact for all postdoctoral researchers at MIT, as it provided the required impetus to address multiple problems, in particular regarding housing affordability and general living expenses.
As PDA President, Dr. Marinescu also led new directions of advocacy for the PDA. During his tenure, the PDA started advocating on key issues facing postdoctoral researchers at MIT: the ability to find affordable housing, increased childcare support for researchers with children, improved career development programs, and more opportunities for interaction and collaboration between postdoctoral researchers across different institutes at MIT. These directions have been identified after discussing with a broad range of postdoctoral researchers across MIT, in order to understand their needs.
To conclude, Dr. Marinescu, as PDA President, undertook a highly important role with significant responsibilities for the postdoctoral researchers at MIT. The programs and initiatives launched by the PDA have greatly improved the experience of all postdoctoral researchers at MIT. I am certain that Dr. Marinescu will build on this success in leadership roles within academia or other distinguished organizations in the future. Given the need for such talented leadership in the United States, it would be of paramount importance to allow Dr. Marinescu to continue his leadership and research work here. I strongly support his petition for permanent residence, and hope he will get a favorable reply.
Sincerely,
Exhibit 10
First pages of a peer-reviewed publication authored by Dr. Marinescu on
Posterior Cortical Atrophy [excluded], alongside his PhD thesis focusing on
Posterior Cortical Atrophy
58

Modelling the Neuroanatomical Progression of Alzheimer’s Disease and Posterior Cortical Atrophy

Supervisors:
	Author:	Prof. Daniel C. Alexander
	Ra˘zvan V. Marinescu	Dr. Sebastian Crutch
Dr. Neil P. Oxtoby

A dissertation submitted in partial fulfillment of the requirements for the degree of
Doctor of Philosophy
of
University College London
Centre for Medical Image Computing, University College London
Defense date: January 23, 2019
Abstract
In order to find effective treatments for Alzheimer’s disease (AD), a devastating neurodegenerative disease affecting millions of people worldwide, we need to identify subjects at risk of AD as early as possible. To this end, recently developed disease progression models can be used to perform early diagnosis, as well as predict the subjects’ disease stages and future evolution. However, these models have not yet been applied to rare neurodegenerative diseases, are not suitable to understand the complex dynamics of biomarkers, work only on large multimodal datasets, and their predictive performance has not been objectively validated.
In this work I developed novel models of disease progression and applied them to estimate the progression of Alzheimer’s disease and Posterior Cortical atrophy, a rare neurodegenerative syndrome causing visual deficits. My first contribution is a study on the progression of Posterior Cortical Atrophy, using models already developed: the Eventbased Model (EBM) and the Differential Equation Model (DEM). My second contribution is the development of DIVE, a novel spatio-temporal model of disease progression that estimates fine-grained spatial patterns of pathology, potentially enabling us to understand complex disease mechanisms relating to pathology propagation along brain networks. My third contribution is the development of Disease Knowledge Transfer (DKT), a novel disease progression model that estimates the multimodal progression of rare neurodegenerative diseases from limited, unimodal datasets, by transferring information from larger, multimodal datasets of typical neurodegenerative diseases. My fourth contribution is the development of novel extensions for the EBM and the DEM, and the development of novel measures for performance evaluation of such models. My last contribution is the organization of the TADPOLE challenge, a competition which aims to identify algorithms and features that best predict the evolution of AD.
Contents
	List of Figures	15
	List of Tables	17
1	Introduction	19
1.1	Alzheimer’s Disease . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	19
1.2	Posterior Cortical Atrophy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	19
1.3	Disease Progression Models	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	20
1.4	Problem Statement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	21
1.5	Justification . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	21
1.5.1	Longitudinal Modelling of Posterior Cortical Atrophy . . . . . . .	21
1.5.2	Current Disease Progression Models Cannot Model Complex Dy-
	namics . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	21
1.5.3	Comparative Performance of Different Disease Progression Models	22
1.6	Thesis Contributions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	22
1.6.1	Longitudinal Neuroanatomical Progression of Posterior Cortical
	Atrophy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	22
1.6.2	DIVE: A Spatiotemporal Progression Model of Brain Pathology in
	Neurodegenerative Disorders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	23
1.6.3	Disease Knowledge Transfer across Neurodegenerative Diseases . .	23
1.6.4	Novel Extensions to the Event-based Model and Differential Equa-
	tion Model . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	24
1.6.5	TADPOLE Challenge:	Prediction of Longitudinal Evolution in
	Alzheimer’s Disease . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	24
1.7	Thesis Structure . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	24
2	Background – Alzheimer’s Disease	27
2.1	Alzheimer’s Disease . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	27
2.1.1	Symptoms . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	27
2.1.2	Disease Causes and Mechanisms . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	28
2.1.3	Other Risk Factors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	32
2.1.4	Biomarkers	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	32
2.1.5	Diagnosis	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	38
2.2	Progression of Alzheimer’s Disease	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	38
2.2.1	Braak Staging . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	38
2.2.2	Neuroimaging . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	39
2.3	Posterior Cortical Atrophy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	39
2.3.1	Symptoms . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	39
10	Contents
	2.3.2	Causes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	41
	2.3.3	Diagnosis	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	41
	2.3.4	Management . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	41
	2.3.5	Neuroimaging . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	42
	2.3.6	Heterogeneity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	42
3	Background – Disease Progression Models	45
3.1	Hypothetical Models . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	46
3.2	Models of Progression using Symptomatic Groups . . . . . . . . . . . . .	47
3.3	Regression Against One Biomarker	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	48
3.4	Survival Analysis Models . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	48
3.5	Scalar Biomarker Models . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	48
3.5.1	The Event-Based Model . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	49
3.5.2	Differential Equation Model . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	53
3.5.3	The Disease Progression Score Model . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	55
3.5.4	The Self-Modelling Regression Model . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	58
3.5.5	The Manifold-based Mixed Effects Model . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	60
3.6	Spatiotemporal Disease Progression Models . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	61
3.6.1	The Voxelwise Disease Progression Model	. . . . . . . . . . . . .	61
3.6.2	Cortical Atrophy Progression Model . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	64
3.6.3	Parameter Estimation	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	64
3.6.4	Advantages and Limitations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	65
3.7	Mechanistic Models . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	65
3.7.1	The Network Diffusion Model . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	65
3.8	Machine Learning Methods . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	67
3.8.1	Advantages and Limitations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	68
3.9	Summary	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	68
4	Longitudinal Neuroanatomical Progression of PCA	71
4.1	Publications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	71
4.2	Introduction . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	72
4.3	Methods . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	72
4.3.1	Participants . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	72
4.3.2	Image Acquisition and Preprocessing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	75
4.3.3	Statistical Methods . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	75
4.4	Results . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	78
4.4.1	Progression of PCA and Typical AD	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	78
4.4.2	Progression of PCA Subgroups	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	79
4.5	Discussion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	83
4.6	Conclusion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	84
5	Novel Extensions to the EBM and DEM	85
5.1	Contributions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	85
5.2	Introduction . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	85
5.3	Methods . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	86
5.3.1	EBM Extensions	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	86
5.3.2	DEM – Optimised Trajectory Alignment . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	88
5.3.3	Performance Evaluation	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	89
5.3.4	Data Preprocessing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	90

Contents	11
	5.3.5	The Dementia Research Centre Cohort . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	90
	5.3.6	The Alzheimer’s Disease Neuroimaging Initiative Cohort . . . . .	91
	5.4	Results . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	92
	5.4.1	DRC Results	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	92
	5.4.2	ADNI Results . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	93
	5.5	Discussion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	94
	5.5.1	Model Performance on DRC cohort . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	94
	5.5.2	Model Performance on ADNI cohort	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	95
	5.5.3	Staging-based Metrics	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	95
	5.5.4	Diagnosis Prediction Metrics . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	96
	5.6	Summary	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	96
	5.6.1	Limitations and Future Work	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	96
	5.7	Conclusion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	97
6 DIVE: A Spatiotemporal Progression Model of Brain Pathology	99
	6.1	Publications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	99
	6.2	Introduction . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	99
	6.3	Methods . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	100
	6.3.1	DIVE Model . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	100
	6.3.2	Modelling Subject-specific Parameters	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	102
	6.3.3	Modelling Biomarker Trajectory for a Single Vertex . . . . . . . .	102
	6.3.4	Modelling Biomarker Trajectories for all Vertices	. . . . . . . . .	103
	6.3.5	Modelling Spatial Correlation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	104
	6.3.6	Fitting the Model using Generalised Expectation-Maximisation	.	104
	6.3.7	Implementation Details . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	107
	6.3.8	Simulation Experiments	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	108
	6.3.9	Data Acquisition and Pre-processing	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	109
	6.4	Results . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	111
	6.4.1	Results on Synthetic Data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	111
	6.4.2	Results with ADNI and DRC Datasets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	113
	6.4.3	Model Evaluation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	114
	6.5	Discussion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	118
	6.5.1	Summary and Key Findings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	118
	6.5.2	Limitations and future work . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	118
	6.6	Conclusion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	119
7 Disease Knowledge Transfer across Neurodegenerative Diseases	121
	7.1	Contributions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	121
	7.2	Publications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	121
	7.3	Introduction . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	121
	7.4	Methods . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	124
	7.4.1	DKT Framework . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	124
	7.4.2	Modelling Biomarker Trajectories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	125
	7.4.3	Parameter Estimation	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	125
	7.4.4	Synthetic Experiment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	126
	7.4.5	Data Acquisition and Preprocessing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	127
	7.5	Results . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	128
	7.5.1	Synthetic Results . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	128
12	Contents
	7.5.2	Results on TADPOLE and DRC Datasets	. . . . . . . . . . . . .	128
	7.6	Validation on DTI Data in PCA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	133
	7.7	Discussion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	134
	7.8	Conclusion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	135
8 TADPOLE Challenge: Prediction of Evolution in Alzheimer’s Disease137
	8.1	Contributions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	137
	8.2	Publications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	137
	8.3	Introduction . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	138
	8.4	Competition Design . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	139
	8.5	Forecasts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	140
	8.6	Data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	140
	8.6.1	ADNI Data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	141
	8.6.2	Image Preprocessing	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	141
	8.7	TADPOLE Datasets	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	141
	8.8	Submissions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	143
	8.9	Forecast Evaluation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	144
	8.9.1	Clinical Status Prediction	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	144
	8.9.2	Continuous Feature Predictions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	145
	8.10 Prizes	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	146
8.11 Discussion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	147
8.12 Conclusion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	148
9 Conclusions	149
	9.1	Summary	. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	149
	9.2	Future Research Directions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	151
	9.2.1	Applications to Neurodegenerative Diseases	. . . . . . . . . . . .	151
	9.2.2	Applications to Clinical Trials . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	154
	9.2.3	Methodological Developments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	154
	9.2.4	Model Evaluation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	156
A Longitudinal Neuroanatomical Progression of PCA	157
B DIVE: A Spatiotemporal Progression Model of Brain Pathology	171
B.1 Simulations - Error in Estimated Trajectories and DPS . . . . . . . . . .	172
B.2 Comparison Between DIVE and Other Models . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	172
	B.2.1	Motivation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	172
	B.2.2	Experiment Design . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	173
	B.2.3	Results . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	173
B.3 Derivation of the Generalised EM Algorithm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	173
	B.3.1	E-step . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	174
	B.3.2	M-step . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	175
	B.3.3	Optimising Trajectory Parameters . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	176
	B.3.4	Estimating Subject Time Shifts - α, β . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	178
	B.3.5	Estimating MRF Clique Term - λ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	179
B.4 Fast DIVE Implementation - Proof of Equivalence . . . . . . . . . . . . .	180
	B.4.1	Trajectory Parameters - θ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	181
	B.4.2	Fast Implementation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	181
	B.4.3	Slow Implementation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	181
Contents	13
B.4.4 Noise Parameter - σ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 182 B.4.5 Subjects-specific Time Shifts - α, β . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 182 B.4.6 Fast Implementation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 182
B.4.7 Slow Implementation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 183 C Disease Knowledge Transfer across Neurodegenerative Diseases 185
D	Novel Extensions to the EBM and DEM	187
D.1	EBM Fitting using Expectation-Maximisation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	187
D.1.1	M-step . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	187
D.1.2	E-step . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .	190
E	TADPOLE Challenge: Prediction of Longitudinal Evolution in AD	191
E.1	Expected Number of Subjects and Available Data for D4 . . . . . . . . .	191
F	Bibliography	193

Exhibit 11

First pages of 3 peer-reviewed publications authored by Dr. Marinescu on the
TADPOLE Challenge, alongside a media article from Alzforum on the results of the Challenge
•	Marinescu, Razvan V., et al. ”Tadpole Challenge: Prediction of longitudinal evolution in Alzheimer’s disease.” arXiv preprint arXiv:1805.03909 (2018).
•	Marinescu, Razvan V., et al. ”The Alzheimer’s Disease Prediction Of Longitudinal Evolution
(TADPOLE) Challenge: Results after 1 Year Follow-up.” arXiv preprint arXiv:2002.03419 (2020). • Marinescu, Razvan V., et al. ”TADPOLE Challenge: Accurate Alzheimer’s disease prediction through crowdsourced forecasting of future data.”, International Workshop on PRedictive Intelligence In MEdicine Springer, MICCAI, Cham, 2019.
•	Media article from Alzforum about the results and findings of the TADPOLE Challenge: https://www.alzforum.org/news/community-news/tadpole-challenge-winners-forecast-adsymptoms
•	Wikipedia article about Alzforum, an independent, non-profit website and community for accelerating research in Alzheimer’s disease.
66

TADPOLE Challenge: Winners Forecast AD Symptoms
19 Jun 2019
Results are in for the TADPOLE Challenge—a prize contest that invited researchers to come up with their own ways of predicting dementia symptoms in participants enrolled in the Alzheimer’s Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI). In a live webinar on June 14, organizers announced who came out ahead. Contestants had submitted computer code to forecast the clinical status, cognitive scores, and/or imaging characteristics of ADNI3 participants. Once submissions were in, the data were collected and results tabulated. The best methods garnered prize money in the amount of £30,000, donated by the Alzheimer’s Society in London, Alzheimer’s Research U.K., and the Alzheimer’s Association.
Winners of the TADPOLE challenge took home £5,000 to £10,000 each.
Their codes predicted clinical status and ventricular volume in ADNI3. “Consensus scores” outperformed any single entry.
“The challenge results give a snapshot of current capabilities in predicting progression and conversion,” wrote co-organizer Daniel Alexander, University College London, to Alzforum. “Current technology can add useful predictions of some variables, such as clinical status and ventricular volume. In other tasks, such as estimating future cognitive scores, current methods struggle.”
Announced in June of 2017, the TADPOLE Challenge, short for The Alzheimer's Disease
Prediction of Longitudinal Evolution, is a collaboration between the European Progression of Neurological Disease (EuroPOND) consortium and ADNI (Jul 2017 news). Contestants used the longitudinal data sets of ADNI1, ADNIGO, and ADNI2 to develop ways to predict one or all of the following three features in ADNI3 data:
A participant’s clinical status (normal, mild cognitive impairment, or probable AD), Score on the Alzheimer’s Disease Assessment Scale-Cognitive (ADAS-Cog), Ventricular volume measured by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans.
By November 2017, 33 teams had submitted a range of methods. Contestants came from Australia, Canada, Europe, Israel, Mexico, Singapore, the U.K. and the U.S.. Most were early career researchers in teams at universities, biotech companies, even high school.
“We received a lot of enthusiasm from challenge participants,” wrote Neil Oxtoby, also at UCL. “Professors told us of excitement from their Ph.D. students and postdocs, who loved the highimpact motivation of improving clinical trials, the unique design of forecasting, and the fun, competitive nature complete with prize pool.”
Baseline data collection from ADNI3 wrapped up in March 2019. TADPOLE organizers downloaded that data, which came from 219 participants who rolled over to ADNI3 from a previous ADNI phase. Then they evaluated which contest submissions most closely predicted the different outcomes. The winners from each category took home £5,000.
For clinical status, the winning team was led by Keli Liu, Stanford University, who was working with a team at Genentech at the time. Combining longitudinal cognitive test scores, clinical diagnosis, regional brain imaging markers, APOE status, and cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers into a machine-learning approach, these scientists achieved an impressive area under the curve of
0.931. This team also took the prize for best overall TADPOLE submission, using their method to score among the top 10 teams across all three categories. This clinical status category saw additional prizes, for a high school team led by Gang Chen, Medical College Wisconsin, and a university team led by Manon Ansart from the Brain and Spinal Cord Institute, Paris.
For ventricular volume, the winning group was Vikram Venkatraghavan’s. He is now a Ph.D. student at Erasmus MC, Rotterdam, the Netherlands, after working as an engineer for some years. Venkatraghavan and colleagues built a combined machine-learning and diseaseprogression model using both manually and automatically selected longitudinal features from ADNI. Their method predicted ventricle volume with the lowest mean absolute error.
Alas, the ADAS-Cog score resisted prediction. No submission did better than chance, so the organizers gave no prize in this category and reallocated the spoils to two other teams. One half went to the runner-up in the high school category, a group from the Vasile Lucaciu National College in Baia Mare, Romania. The other went to a team led by Steven Hill at the University of Cambridge that used only the most recent cross-sectional measurement from ADNI to forecast values for ADNI3. Their statistical-regression and disease-progression model forecast the ADNI3 measures with the greatest overall precision among entrants who used only cross-sectional ADNI data. Such a method would be most useful in the clinic and for trials, as it enables a likely prognosis for a given person from a single evaluation, rather than requiring longitudinal data and knowledge about their prior rates of change.
Fully understanding the challenge’s findings will require additional analysis, but some preliminary observations jump out. For one, averaging all teams’ forecasts for each measurement into a “consensus” score far outperformed any individual entry. In other words, many heads were better than one. “Such a finding is only possible through an initiative like TADPOLE, where we pull the community together to submit forecasts on the same task using diverse kinds of methods,” Alexander wrote to Alzforum. “It suggests industry might consider crowd-sourcing models with appropriate incentives to get the most robust and reliable predictions.”
For another, ApoE status, CSF biomarkers, and diffusion tensor imaging seemed most informative for future forecasts, while PET measurements of tau, amyloid, or FDG uptake were less helpful.
Organizers are encouraging the participating teams to share their project code publicly. Alexander believes that these methods can be a starting point from which the research community develops ways to make even more robust predictions.—Gwyneth Dickey Zakaib
COMMENTS
No Available Comments

Make a Comment
To make a comment you must login or register.

REFERENCES
News Citations
TADPOLE Challenge Seeks Best Predictors of Alzheimer’s 12 Jul 2017

External Citations

webinar
TADPOLE Challenge

FURTHER READING
Papers
Marinescu RV, Oxtoby NP, Young AL, Bron
EE, Toga AW, Weiner MW, Barkhof F, Fox
NC, Klein S, Alexander DC, the EuroPOND
Consortium, for the Alzheimer's Disease
Neuroimaging Initiative. TADPOLE
Challenge: Prediction of Longitudinal Evolution in Alzheimer's Disease.
Cornell University arχiv:1805.03909 [qbio.PE]. May 10, 2018
News
NIA Seeks Community Input on Alzheimer’s
Eureka Prize 10 Nov 2017
De Strooper, Goedert, Hardy, Haass Share
2018 Brain Prize 8 Mar 2018

α-Synuclein Antibodies Enter Phase 2, Sans Biomarker 6 May 2017
Bu, Kivipelto, Cirrito, and Slutsky Win
MetLife Awards 25 Jul 2016


Copyright © 1996–2021 FBRI LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Alzheimer Research Forum - Wikipedia

Alzheimer Research Forum

Alzheimer Research Forum (ARF), or Alzforum is a website which uses web technology to accelerate research into Alzheimer's disease.
Contents

History
Operations
References
Bibliography
External links
History

The website was founded in 1996 by June Kinoshita, funded by an anonymous philanthropic foundation, and launched at the International Conference on Alzheimer's Disease and Related Disorders in Osaka, Japan, The forum brings together a team of specialists in science writing and editing, data curation, information architecture, project management and technology.
Alzforum was established as an independent neutral Non-profit organization, without affiliation to any specific university or research institute. Its relations with the scientific community include an advisory board with leaders in the scientific community representing diverse points of view.
At first the site took the form of ‘Papers of the Week’ listings, including abstracts of all relevant publications (initially manually produced in order to avoid copyright infringement), commentary, virtual audio seminars, and a list of seminal papers in Alzheimer's research. The Web's potential for interactivity was used for informal live chats and commentary on papers by registered users of the site. By the end of the first year there were 1200 users, adding as many as 100 new users a month in the first years of its existence.
Operations

From 1997, the website also began to develop as a community repository, enabling researchers to deposit data sets. Currently it maintains several databases relating to gene mutations, gene association studies, epidemiological studies, antibodies, drug trials, protocols and antecedent biomarker studies. Of particular note are the AlzGene database of genetic studies of Alzheimer's disease, which has been cited more than 1,200 times in the scientific literature, and the AlzRisk database of epidemiologic studies. The forum acts as an integrator of these diverse sources, linking primary research articles to related news, papers, databases, and discussions .
From 2000 onwards a data-driven dynamic system has been used to automatically search and download PubMed citations into a database, and provide tools for editors to post news and comments and crosslink them to related material. The development of semantic web tools is a current and ongoing development. These assist in the identification of hypotheses and related evidence in papers and discussions. SWAN (Semantic Web Applications in Neuromedicine) has resulted from a collaboration between the forum and Massachusetts General Hospital. Work on this continues with the Scientific Collaboration Framework.
The forum has become a point of reference for researchers into AD. As of June 2013 it has more than 8300 registered users. It is estimated that 30-50% of researchers from a wide range of institutions and countries studying Alzheimer's internationally are registered or active on the site.
The success of Alzforum has resulted in its online disease-specific scientific community framework being cloned in other areas of research into neurological disorders. Multiple Sclerosis Discovery Forum, Pain Research Forum, Schizophrenia Research Forum and PD Online (a site for research into Parkinson's disease, funded by the Michael J. Fox Foundation) are using the same approach[1] as Alzforum.
References

1. Das S, McCaffrey PG, Talkington MW, Andrews NA, Corlosquet S, Ivinson AJ, Clark T. (2014) Pain Research Forum:
application of scientific social media frameworks in neuroscience; doi:10.3389/fninf.2014.00021 (https://doi.org/10.3389%2 Ffninf.2014.00021). eCollection 2014. Free full text (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3949323/)
Bibliography
Clark T, Kinoshita J. (2007) Alzforum and SWAN: the present and future of scientific web communities. Brief Bioinform; 8(3):163–71.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alzheimer_Research_Forum	1/2 Alzheimer Research Forum - Wikipedia
Das S, McCaffrey PG, Talkington MW, Andrews NA, Corlosquet S, Ivinson AJ, Clark T. (2014) Pain Research Forum:
application of scientific social media frameworks in neuroscience; doi:10.3389/fninf.2014.00021 (https://doi.org/10.3389%2 Ffninf.2014.00021). eCollection 2014. Free full text (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3949323/).
Kinoshita, June and Gabrielle Strobel. (2006) Alzheimer Research Forum: A Knowledge Base and e-Community for AD Research,” Alzheimer: 100 Years and Beyond. Eds. Jucker M, Beyreuther K, Haass C, Nitsch R, Christen Y. SpringerVerlag, Berlin Heidelberg.
Kinoshita, J. & Clark, T., (2007) Alzforum: E-Science for Alzheimer Disease. From Methods in Molecular Biology: Neuroinformatics. Edited by C.J.Crasto. Totowa, NJ: Humana Press.
Lars Bertram, Matthew B McQueen, Kristina Mullin, Deborah Blacker & Rudolph E Tanzi. Systematic meta-analyses of
Alzheimer disease genetic association studies: the AlzGene database. Nature Genetics 39, 17 - 23 (2007) doi:10.1038/ng1934 (http://www.nature.com/ng/journal/v39/n1/abs/ng1934.html)
Jennifer Weuve, Matthew B. McQueen, Meredith Harrington, Jacqueline O'Brien, Shanshan Li, Melinda Power, Maile Ray, C Knep, June Kinoshita, Deborah Blacker. The AlzRisk database: Web-based catalogue and meta-analysis of findings from epidemiologic studies of non-genetic risk factors for Alzheimer's disease. Alzheimer's & Dementia: The Journal of the Alzheimer's Association. Volume 6, Issue 4, Supplement, Page S125, July 2010. Abstract. (http://www.alzheimersanddeme ntia.com/article/S1552-5260(10)00512-1/abstract)
External links

Retrieved from ‘https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Alzheimer_Research_Forum&oldid=944250531’

This page was last modified on 6 March 2020, at 17:07.
This text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike Licence; additional terms may apply. See Terms of Use for details.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alzheimer_Research_Forum	2/2
Exhibit 12
First pages of 2 peer-reviewed publications authored by Dr. Marinescu on the
DIVE model, that estimates the progression of Alzheimer’s disease
72


Razvan V. Marinescu!	a,*, Arman Eshaghi b, Marco Lorenzi a,c, Alexandra L. Young a,
Neil P. Oxtoby a, Sara Garbarino a,c, Sebastian J. Crutch d, Daniel C. Alexander a, for the
Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative
a	Centre for Medical Image Computing, University College London, Gower Street, London, United Kingdom
b	Queen Square Multiple Sclerosis Centre, UCL Institute of Neurology, Faculty of Brain Sciences, University College London, United Kingdom c Epione Research-Project, Inria, France and Universit"e Cote D'Azur, France^ d Dementia Research Centre, University College London Institute of Neurology, London, United Kingdom

A R T I C L E I N F O	A B S T R A C T
Keywords:
Disease progression model
Cortical thickness
Vertex-wise measures
Alzheimer's disease
Posterior cortical atrophy	Current models of progression in neurodegenerative diseases use neuroimaging measures that are averaged across pre-defined regions of interest (ROIs). Such models are unable to recover fine details of atrophy patterns; they tend to impose an assumption of strong spatial correlation within each ROI and no correlation among ROIs. Such assumptions may be violated by the influence of underlying brain network connectivity on pathology propagation – a strong hypothesis e.g. in Alzheimer's Disease. Here we present DIVE: Data-driven Inference of Vertexwise Evolution. DIVE is an image-based disease progression model with single-vertex resolution, designed to reconstruct long-term patterns of brain pathology from short-term longitudinal data sets. DIVE clusters vertex-wise (i.e. point-wise) biomarker measurements on the cortical surface that have similar temporal dynamics across a patient population, and concurrently estimates an average trajectory of vertex measurements in each cluster. DIVE uniquely outputs a parcellation of the cortex into areas with common progression patterns, leading to a new signature for individual diseases. DIVE further estimates the disease stage and progression speed for every visit of every subject, potentially enhancing stratification for clinical trials or management. On simulated data, DIVE can recover ground truth clusters and their underlying trajectory, provided the average trajectories are sufficiently different between clusters. We demonstrate DIVE on data from two cohorts: the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI) and the Dementia Research Centre (DRC), UK. The DRC cohort contains patients with Posterior Cortical Atrophy (PCA) as well as typical Alzheimer's disease (tAD). DIVE finds similar spatial patterns of atrophy for tAD subjects in the two independent datasets (ADNI and DRC), and further reveals distinct patterns of pathology in different diseases (tAD vs PCA) and for distinct types of biomarker data – cortical thickness from Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) vs amyloid load from Positron Emission Tomography (PET). We demonstrate that DIVE stages have potential clinical relevance, despite being based only on imaging data, by showing that the stages correlate with cognitive test scores. Finally, DIVE can be used to estimate a fine-grained spatial distribution of pathology in the brain using any kind of voxelwise or vertexwise measures including Jacobian compression maps, fractional anisotropy (FA) maps from diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) or other PET measures.
1. Introduction
Many biomarkers exist that can be used to track the severity of neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's disease (AD). Clinical function can be measured using cognitive assessments performed by an expert clinician and brain atrophy can be measured using Magnetic	Resonance Imaging (MRI). Other measures include molecular markers such as aggregation of misfolded amyloid-beta or tau measured using Positron Emission Tomography (PET), and measures of white-matter degradation such as fractional anisotropy (FA) from Diffusion Tensor Imaging (DTI). The evolution of these biomarkers across the disease timecourse creates a unique signature of the disease that can be used to stage

* Corresponding author. Engineering Front Building, Torrington Place, London, WC1E 7JE, United Kingdom. E-mail address: razvan.marinescu.14@ucl.ac.uk (R.V. Marinescu).
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neuroimage.2019.02.053
Received 25 June 2018; Received in revised form 18 February 2019; Accepted 20 February 2019
Available online 4 March 2019
1053-8119/© 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A vertex clustering model for disease progression: Application to cortical thickness images
R˘azvan V. Marinescu1, Arman Eshaghi1,2, Marco Lorenzi1,4, Alexandra L. Young1, Neil P. Oxtoby1, Sara Garbarino1, Timothy J. Shakespeare3,
Sebastian J. Crutch3, and Daniel C. Alexander1, for the Alzheimers Disease Neuroimaging Initiative? 1
Centre for Medical Image Computing, Computer Science Department, University College London, UK 2
Queen Square MS Centre, UCL Institute of Neurology, London 3 Dementia Research Centre, UCL Institute of Neurology, University College
London, UK 4 University of Coˆte d’Azur, Inria Sophia Antipolis, Asclepios Research Project
Abstract. We present a disease progression model with single vertex resolution that we apply to cortical thickness data. Our model works by clustering together vertices on the cortex that have similar temporal dynamics and building a common trajectory for vertices in the same cluster. The model estimates optimal stages and progression speeds for every subject. Simulated data show that it is able to accurately recover the vertex clusters and the underlying parameters. Moreover, our clustering model finds similar patterns of atrophy for typical Alzheimer’s disease (tAD) subjects on two independent datasets: the Alzheimer’s Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI) and a cohort from the Dementia Research Centre (DRC), UK. Using a separate set of subjects with Posterior Cortical Atrophy (PCA) from the DRC dataset, we also show that the model finds different patterns of atrophy in PCA compared to tAD. Finally, our model also provides a novel way to parcellate the brain based on disease dynamics.
Keywords: Disease Progression Model, Cortical Thickness, Vertex-wise
Measures, Alzheimer’s Disease, Posterior Cortical Atrophy
	1	Introduction
During the progression of Alzheimer’s disease, many biomarkers based on Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) such as cortical thickness become abnormal at

? Data used in preparation of this article were obtained from the Alzheimer’s Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI) database (adni.loni.usc.edu). As such, the investigators within the ADNI contributed to the design and implementation of ADNI and/or provided data but did not participate in analysis or writing of this report. A complete listing of ADNI investigators can be found at: http://adni.loni.usc.edu/wpcontent/uploads/how to apply/ADNI Acknowledgement  List.pdf
Exhibit 13
First pages of 2 peer-reviewed publications authored by Dr. Marinescu on disease progression modelling of Multiple Sclerosis and Frontotemporal dementia
75

Progression of regional grey matter atrophy in multiple sclerosis
Arman Eshaghi,1,2 Razvan V. Marinescu,2 Alexandra L. Young,2 Nicholas C. Firth,2
Ferran Prados,3 M. Jorge Cardoso,3 Carmen Tur,1 Floriana De Angelis,1 Niamh Cawley,1
Wallace J. Brownlee,1 Nicola De Stefano,5 M. Laura Stromillo,5 Marco Battaglini,5 Serena Ruggieri,6,7 Claudio Gasperini,6 Massimo Filippi,8 Maria A. Rocca,8 Alex Rovira,9
Jaume Sastre-Garriga,10 Jeroen J. G. Geurts,11 Hugo Vrenken,12 Viktor Wottschel,12 Cyra E. Leurs,13 Bernard Uitdehaag,13 Lukas Pirpamer,14 Christian Enzinger,14,15
Sebastien Ourselin,3,4 Claudia A. Gandini Wheeler-Kingshott,1,16,17 Declan Chard,1,4
Alan J. Thompson,1 Frederik Barkhof,1,3,4,12 Daniel C. Alexander2 and Olga Ciccarelli1,4 on behalf of the MAGNIMS study group*

*Appendix 1.
See Stankoff and Louapre (doi:10.1093/brain/awy114) for a scientific commentary on this article.
Grey matter atrophy is present from the earliest stages of multiple sclerosis, but its temporal ordering is poorly understood. We aimed to determine the sequence in which grey matter regions become atrophic in multiple sclerosis and its association with disability accumulation. In this longitudinal study, we included 1417 subjects: 253 with clinically isolated syndrome, 708 with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis, 128 with secondary-progressive multiple sclerosis, 125 with primary-progressive multiple sclerosis, and 203 healthy control subjects from seven European centres. Subjects underwent repeated MRI (total number of scans 3604); the mean follow-up for patients was 2.41 years (standard deviation = 1.97). Disability was scored using the Expanded Disability Status Scale. We calculated the volume of brain grey matter regions and brainstem using an unbiased within-subject template and used an established data-driven event-based model to determine the sequence of occurrence of atrophy and its uncertainty. We assigned each subject to a specific event-based model stage, based on the number of their atrophic regions. Linear mixed-effects models were used to explore associations between the rate of increase in event-based model stages, and T2 lesion load, disease-modifying treatments, comorbidity, disease duration and disability accumulation. The first regions to become atrophic in patients with clinically isolated syndrome and relapse-onset multiple sclerosis were the posterior cingulate cortex and precuneus, followed by the middle cingulate cortex, brainstem and thalamus. A similar sequence of atrophy was detected in primary-progressive multiple sclerosis with the involvement of the thalamus, cuneus, precuneus, and pallidum, followed by the brainstem and posterior cingulate cortex. The cerebellum, caudate and putamen showed early atrophy in relapse-onset multiple sclerosis and late atrophy in primary-progressive multiple sclerosis. Patients with secondary-progressive multiple sclerosis showed the highest event-based model stage (the highest number of atrophic regions, P50.001) at the study entry. All multiple sclerosis phenotypes, but clinically isolated syndrome, showed a faster rate of increase in the event-based model stage than healthy controls. T2 lesion load and disease duration in all patients were associated with increased event-based model stage, but no effects of diseasemodifying treatments and comorbidity on event-based model stage were observed. The annualized rate of event-based model stage was associated with the disability accumulation in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis, independent of disease duration (P50.0001). The data-driven staging of atrophy progression in a large multiple sclerosis sample demonstrates that grey matter atrophy spreads to involve more regions over time. The sequence in which regions become atrophic is reasonably consistent across multiple sclerosis phenotypes. The spread of atrophy was associated with disease duration and with disability accumulation over time in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis.
Received September 22, 2017. Revised December 24, 2017. Accepted February 9, 2018. Advance Access publication May 8, 2018
 The Author(s) (2018). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Guarantors of Brain.
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted reuse, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.

ARTICLE
DOI: 10.1038/s41467-018-05892-0	OPEN
Uncovering the heterogeneity and temporal complexity of neurodegenerative diseases with Subtype and Stage Inference
Alexandra L Young  et al.#
The heterogeneity of neurodegenerative diseases is a key confound to disease understanding and

treatment development, as study cohorts typically include multiple phenotypes on distinct disease trajectories. Here we introduce a machine-learning technique—Subtype and Stage Inference (SuStaIn)—able to uncover data-driven disease phenotypes with distinct temporal progression patterns, from widely available cross-sectional patient studies. Results from imaging studies in two neurodegenerative diseases reveal subgroups and their distinct trajectories of regional neurodegeneration. In genetic frontotemporal dementia, SuStaIn identifies genotypes from imaging alone, validating its ability to identify subtypes; further the technique reveals within-genotype heterogeneity. In Alzheimer’s disease, SuStaIn uncovers three subtypes, uniquely characterising their temporal complexity. SuStaIn provides finegrained patient stratification, which substantially enhances the ability to predict conversion between diagnostic categories over standard models that ignore subtype (p= 7.18 × 10−4) or temporal stage (p= 3.96 × 10−5). SuStaIn offers new promise for enabling disease subtype discovery and precision medicine.

Correspondence and requests for materials should be addressed to A.L.Y. (email: alexandra.young@ucl.ac.uk). A full list of authors and their affiliations
appears at the end of the paper.
NATURE COMMUNICATIONS | (2018) 9:4273 	| DOI: 10.1038/s41467-018-05892-0 | www.nature.com/naturecommunications	1
NATURE COMMUNICATIONS | DOI: 10.1038/s41467-018-05892-0	ARTICLE

Author contributions
A.L.Y., D.C.A., J.D.R. and J.M.S. conceived and designed the experiments and wrote the manuscript. A.L.Y. implemented the programming code and analysed the data. N.P.O. and R.V.M. provided feedback on the experiment design. R.V.M. made the brain images in Figs. 1–4, 6 and Supplementary Figures 13–14. M.B. derived the asymmetry measure	Publisher's note: Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.
for GENFI participants. K.Y. advised on sub-scores of the ADAS related to praxic, spatialOpen Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons and memory domains. Members of the ADNI and GENFI consortia recruited patientsAttribution 4.0 International License, which permits use, sharing,
and collected and pre-processed data. All authors contributed to reviewing and editing of the report.
Additional information
Supplementary Information accompanies this paper at https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467018-05892-0.
Competing interests: The authors declare no competing interests.
Reprints and permission information is available online at http://npg.nature.com/ reprintsandpermissions/	adaptation, distribution and reproduction in any medium or format, as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made. The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article’s Creative Commons license, unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material. If material is not included in the article’s Creative Commons license and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use, you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder. To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/ licenses/by/4.0/.
© The Author(s) 2018
Alexandra L Young	1,2, Razvan V Marinescu	1,2, Neil P Oxtoby	1,2, Martina Bocchetta3, Keir Yong3,
Nicholas C Firth1,2, David M Cash	1,3, David L Thomas	4,5, Katrina M Dick3, Jorge Cardoso	1,3,6,
John van Swieten7, Barbara Borroni8, Daniela Galimberti9,10, Mario Masellis11, Maria Carmela Tartaglia12,
James B Rowe13, Caroline Graff14, Fabrizio Tagliavini15, Giovanni B Frisoni16, Robert Laforce Jr	17,
Elizabeth Finger18, Alexandre de Mendonça19, Sandro Sorbi20,21, Jason D Warren3, Sebastian Crutch3,
Nick C Fox3, Sebastien Ourselin1,3,4,6, Jonathan M Schott 3, Jonathan D Rohrer3, Daniel C Alexander 1,2,
The Genetic FTD Initiative (GENFI) & The Alzheimer’s Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI)
1	2
Centre for Medical Image Computing, University College London, London WC1E 6BT, UK. Department of Computer Science, University College London, London WC1E 6BT, UK. 3Dementia Research Centre, Institute of Neurology, University College London, London WC1N 3BG, UK.
4	Leonard Wolfson Experimental Neurology Centre, UCL Institute of Neurology, University College London, London WC1N 3BG, UK.
5	Neuroradiological Academic Unit, Department of Brain Repair and Rehabilitation, UCL Institute of Neurology, University College London, London WC1N 3BG, UK. 6School of Biomedical Engineering and Imaging Sciences, King′s College London, London WC2R 2LS, UK. 7Erasmus Medical

Center, 3000 CA Rotterdam, The Netherlands. 8Neurology Unit, Department of Clinical and Experimental Sciences, University of Brescia, 25121 Brescia, Italy. 9Dept. of Physiopathology and Transplantation, University of Milan, Centro Dino Ferrari, 20122 Milan, Italy. 10Fondazione IRCCS Ca’ Granda Ospedale Maggiore Policlinico, via F. Sforza, 35, 20122 Milan, Italy. 11Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre, University of Toronto, ON
M4N 3M5, Canada. 12Centre for Research in Neurodegenerative Diseases, University of Toronto, ON, Toronto M5T 0S8, Canada. 13University of Cambridge, Department of Clinical Neurosciences, Cambridge CB2 0SZ, UK. 14Karolinska Institutet, 171 77 Solna, Sweden. 15Istituto Neurologico Carlo Besta, 20133 Milan, Italy. 16University Hospitals and University of Geneva, Geneva, Switzerland. 17Université Laval, Quebec, QC G1V 0A6,
Canada. 18University of Western Ontario, London, ON N6A 3K7, Canada. 19Faculdade de Medicina, Universidade de Lisboa, 1649-028 Lisboa,
Portugal. 20Department of Neuroscience, Psychology, Drug Research and Child Health, University of Florence, 50121 Florence, Italy. 21IRCCS Fondazione Don Carlo Gnocchi, Florence, Italy. These authors contributed equally: Jonathan M. Schott, Jonathan D. Rohrer, Daniel C. Alexander.
The Genetic FTD Initiative (GENFI)
Christin Andersson22, Silvana Archetti23, Andrea Arighi10, Luisa Benussi24, Giuliano Binetti24, Sandra Black25,
Maura Cosseddu26, Marie Fallström27, Carlos Ferreira28, Chiara Fenoglio9, Morris Freedman29,
Giorgio G Fumagalli9,10,19, Stefano Gazzina30, Roberta Ghidoni24, Marina Grisoli31, Vesna Jelic32, Lize Jiskoot33,
Ron Keren34, Gemma Lombardi19, Carolina Maruta35, Lieke Meeter33, Simon Mead36, Rick van Minkelen37,
Benedetta Nacmias19, Linn Öijerstedt38, Alessandro Padovani39, Jessica Panman33, Michela Pievani24, Cristina Polito40, Enrico Premi41, Sara Prioni31, Rosa Rademakers42, Veronica Redaelli31, Ekaterina Rogaeva43,
Giacomina Rossi31, Martin Rossor3, Elio Scarpini9,10, David Tang-Wai34, Hakan Thonberg44, Pietro Tiraboschi34 & Ana Verdelho45
22	23
Department of Clinical Neuroscience, Karolinska Institutet, 171 77 Solna, Sweden.	Biotechnology Laboratory, Department of Diagnostics, Civic
Hospital of Brescia, 25123 Brescia, Italy. 24Istituto di Ricovero e Cura a Carattere Scientifico Istituto Centro San Giovanni di Dio Fatebenefratelli,
NATURE COMMUNICATIONS | (2018) 9:4273 	| DOI: 10.1038/s41467-018-05892-0 | www.nature.com/naturecommunications	13
Exhibit 14
Journal and conference rankings by category:
1.	Top Conferences for Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence
2.	Top Conferences for Biomedical Engineering and Medical Informatics
3.	Top Journals for Biomedical & Medical Informatics
4.	Top Journals for Computer Science and Electronics
5.	Ranking of IPMI: International Conference on Information Processing in Medical Imaging
6.	Ranking of the Alzheimer’s and Dementia journal 7. Ranking of the NeuroImage journal

Top Conferences for Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence

Top Conferences for Machine Learning & Arti cial Intelligence
The Top Conferences Ranking for Computer Science & Electronics was prepared by Guide2Research, one of the leading portals for computer science research providing trusted data on scientific contributions since 2014.
The ranking represents h-index, and Impact Score values gathered by November 10th 2020. It was based on a detailed examination of more than 1000 conference profiles and websites.
Read More...
Search by keyword
	  Show Due only     All Categories
1-100		101-200		201-300		301-400		401-500		501-600		601-700		701-800		801-900		901-1000
Rank			Publisher	Conference Details	H5-index	Impact Score

1	 	CVPR : IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition
Jun 21, 2021 - Jun 24, 2021 - Nashville , United States http://cvpr2021.thecvf.com/	299	51.98

2	 	NeurIPS : Neural Information Processing Systems (NIPS)
Dec 6, 2021 - Dec 14, 2021 - Online , Online	Deadline : Wed 19 May 2021 https://nips.cc/	198	33.49

3	 	ICCV : IEEE/CVF International Conference on Computer Vision
Oct 11, 2021 - Oct 17, 2021 - Montreal , Canada
http://iccv2021.thecvf.com/home	176	32.51

4	 	ECCV : European Conference on Computer Vision
Oct 11, 2021 - Oct 17, 2021 - Montreal , Canada http://iccv2021.thecvf.com/	144	25.91

5	 	AAAI : AAAI Conference on Arti cial Intelligence
Feb 2, 2021 - Feb 9, 2021 - Vancouver , Canada
https://aaai.org/Conferences/AAAI-21/	126	25.57

6	 	ICML : International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML)
Jul 18, 2021 - Jul 24, 2021 - Vienna , Austria
https://icml.cc/Conferences/2021	171	18.48
10	SIGKDD : ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining
Aug 14, 2021 - Aug 18, 2021 - Singapore , Singapore https://www.kdd.org/kdd2021/	90	13.53
14  	IJCAI : International Joint Conference on Arti cial Intelligence (IJCAI)
Aug 21, 2021 - Aug 26, 2021 - Montreal , Canada https://ijcai-21.org/	95	11.71

17  	ICLR : International Conference on Learning Representations
May 4, 2021 - May 8, 2021 - Vienna , Austria
https://iclr.cc/Conferences/2021/CallForPapers	203	11.38

20  	ACL : Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL)
Aug 1, 2021 - Aug 6, 2021 - Bangkok , Thailand https://2021.aclweb.org/	135	10.56

21  	WSDM : ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining
Feb 28, 2022 - Mar 4, 2022 - Phoenix , United States	Deadline : Mon 09 Aug 2021 http://www.wsdm-conference.org/2022/	54	10.56

22  	IROS : IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems
Sep 27, 2021 - Oct 1, 2021 - Prague , Czech Republic https://www.iros2021.org/	63	10.06

24  	SIGMOD : ACM SIGMOD International Conference on Management of Data
Jun 20, 2021 - Jun 25, 2021 - Xi'an , China https://2021.sigmod.org/	66	10.06

25  	AISTATS : International Conference on Arti cial Intelligence and Statistics
Apr 13, 2021 - Apr 15, 2021 - Virtual , United States https://aistats.org/aistats2021/	57	9.9
27	CIKM : ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management
Nov 1, 2021 - Nov 5, 2021 - Online , Online	Deadline : Wed 19 May 2021 https://www.cikm2021.org/	54	9.4
31	EMNLP : Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing (EMNLP)
112	9.24
All Conferences

Top Conferences

Top 1000 Journals
Top 1000 Scientists
University Rankings
Special Issues
Research Blog
Contact us

Follow @guide2research
Top Scientists by H-Index
 United States	 United Kingdom
 Canada	 Germany
 Switzerland	 Australia
 Netherlands	 Hong Kong
 France	 Italy
 Spain	 Belgium
 Singapore All other countries	 Japan
Upcoming Conferences

Subscibe to Newsletter & Conference Alerts
Email Address*

Guide2Research uses the information to contact you about our relevant content. For more information, check out our privacy policy.


https://www.guide2research.com/topconf/machine-learning	1/6 Top Conferences for Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence
	Top Conferences for Machine Learning & Arti cial Intelligence	All Conferences

The Top Conferences Ranking for Computer Science & Electronics was prepared by Guide2Research, one of the leading portals for computer science
	research providing trusted data on scientific contributions since 2014.	Top Conferences

	The ranking represents h-index, and conference profiles and websites.	Impact Score values gathered by November 10th 2020. It was based on a detailed examination of more than 1000	Top 1000 Journals
164	EMBC : Annual International Conference of the IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society
Jul 26, 2021 - Jul 30, 2021 - Guadalajara , Mexico
https://embc.embs.org/2021/	39	3.96
 United States	 United Kingdom
 Canada	 Germany
 Switzerland	 Australia
 Netherlands	 Hong Kong
 France	 Italy
 Spain	 Belgium
 Singapore All other countries	 Japan
169  	Big Data : IEEE International Conference on Big Data
Dec 15, 2021 - Dec 18, 2021 - Orlando , United States	Deadline : Tue 31 Aug 2021 http://bigdataieee.org/BigData2021/	41	3.79

198  	MLMI : International Workshop on Machine Learning in Medical Imaging
Oct 4, 2020 - Oct 8, 2020 - Online , Online
https://mlmi2020.web.unc.edu/	19	3.46

203  	SMC : IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics
Oct 17, 2021 - Oct 20, 2021 - Melbourne , Australia	Deadline : Mon 19 Apr 2021 http://ieeesmc2021.org	29	3.3

217  	SPIE Image Processing : Medical Imaging : Image Processing
Feb 14, 2021 - Feb 18, 2021 - San Diego , United States
https://spie.org/MI/conferencedetails/medical-image-processing?SSO=1	20	3.3

237  	BIBM : IEEE International Conference on Bioinformatics and Biomedicine
Dec 9, 2021 - Dec 12, 2021 - Houston , United States	Deadline : Sat 28 Aug 2021 https://ieeebibm.org/BIBM2021/	25	3.13
239	IPMI : International Conference on Information Processing in Medical Imaging
Jun 27, 2021 - Jul 2, 2021 - Bornholm , Denmark https://ipmi2021.org/	23	3.13
 Netherlands	 Hong Kong
 France	 Italy
 Spain	 Belgium
 Singapore All other countries	 Japan
169  	Big Data : IEEE International Conference on Big Data
Dec 15, 2021 - Dec 18, 2021 - Orlando , United States	Deadline : Tue 31 Aug 2021 http://bigdataieee.org/BigData2021/	41	3.79

198  	MLMI : International Workshop on Machine Learning in Medical Imaging
Oct 4, 2020 - Oct 8, 2020 - Online , Online
https://mlmi2020.web.unc.edu/	19	3.46

203  	SMC : IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics
Oct 17, 2021 - Oct 20, 2021 - Melbourne , Australia	Deadline : Mon 19 Apr 2021 http://ieeesmc2021.org	29	3.3

217  	SPIE Image Processing : Medical Imaging : Image Processing
Feb 14, 2021 - Feb 18, 2021 - San Diego , United States
https://spie.org/MI/conferencedetails/medical-image-processing?SSO=1
20	3.3

237  	BIBM : IEEE International Conference on Bioinformatics and Biomedicine
Dec 9, 2021 - Dec 12, 2021 - Houston , United States	Deadline : Sat 28 Aug 2021 https://ieeebibm.org/BIBM2021/	25	3.13
239	IPMI : International Conference on Information Processing in Medical Imaging
Jun 27, 2021 - Jul 2, 2021 - Bornholm , Denmark https://ipmi2021.org/	23	3.13
University Rankings
Special Issues
Research Blog
Contact us
Upcoming Conferences
Subscibe to Newsletter &
241  	Medical Imaging : CAD : Medical Imaging : Computer-Aided Diagnosis
Feb 14, 2021 - Feb 18, 2021 - San Diego , United States
https://spie.org/MI/conferencedetails/computer-aided-diagnosis?SSO=1	22	3.13

271  	PPSN : International Conference on Parallel problem solving from nature
Sep 5, 2020 - Sep 9, 2020 - Leiden , Netherlands https://ppsn2020.liacs.leidenuniv.nl/	16	2.81

280  	ICHI : IEEE International Conference on Healthcare Informatics
Aug 9, 2021 - Aug 12, 2021 - Victoria , Canada http://ichi2021.institute4hi.org/	21	2.81
Conference Alerts
Email Address*
Guide2Research uses the information to contact you about our relevant content. For more information, check out our privacy policy.
295	STACOM : International Workshop on Statistical Atlases and Computational Models of the Heart
Oct 17, 2016 - Oct 17, 2016 - Athens , Greece
http://stacom2016.cardiacatlas.org/	14	2.81
304  	AMIA : AMIA Symposium
Oct 30, 2021 - Nov 3, 2021 - San Diego , United States
https://www.amia.org/amia2021	26	2.64



Top Journals for Biomedical & Medical Informatics
The Ranking of Top Journals for Computer Science and Electronics was prepared by Guide2Research, one of the leading portals for computer science research providing trusted data on scienti c contributions since 2014.
The position in the ranking is based on a novel bibliometric score computed by G2R which is computed using the estimated h-index and the number of leading scientists who have endorsed the journal during the last three previous years.
Read More...
Biomedical Engineering & Medical Informatics	All Publishers	Search by keyword	SEARCH
Rank	Publisher	Journal Details	#Top Scientists	#Documents Impact Score

11	 	Medical Image Analysis ISSN:1361-8415 , Bimonthly	78	149	9.07

36	 	IEEE Transactions on Medical Imaging
ISSN:0278-0062 , Monthly	94	179	10.72

57	 	Bioinformatics
ISSN:1367-4803 , Semimonthly	110	203	9.24

69	 	Journal of Cheminformatics
ISSN:1758-2946 , Irregular	4	4	1.16

74	 	IEEE Journal of Biomedical and Health Informatics
ISSN:2168-2194 , Bimonthly	67	98	7.09

81	 	Journal of Medical Internet Research
ISSN:1438-8871 , Quarterly	29	36	4.62

96	 	PLoS Computational Biology
ISSN:1553-734X ,	58	80	5.61

104	 	IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Engineering
ISSN:0018-9294 ,	90	129	8.41

105	 	Human Brain Mapping
ISSN:1065-9471 ,	31	53	5.78

112	 	Arti cial Intelligence in Medicine
ISSN:0933-3657 , Monthly	19	22	3.79

127	 	IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Circuits and Systems
ISSN:1932-4545 , Bimonthly	31	53	5.12

132	 	Journal of Magnetic Resonance Imaging
ISSN:1053-1807 ,	13	14	3.30

137	 	Biomedical Optics Express
ISSN:2156-7085 ,	22	30	3.96

147	 	Computerized Medical Imaging and Graphics
ISSN:0895-6111 ,	26	29	4.46

161	 	Computer Methods and Programs in Biomedicine
ISSN:0169-2607 , Monthly	35	47	5.45

170	 	Journal of Biomedical Informatics
ISSN:1532-0464 , Bimonthly	48	69	6.43

189	 	IEEE Transactions on Neural Systems and Rehabilitation Engineering
ISSN:1534-4320 ,	41	55	4.79

192	 	Mechanism and Machine Theory
ISSN:0094-114X ,	10	15	2.64

195	 	Neuroinformatics
ISSN:1539-2791 , Quarterly	15	17	2.64
All Conferences

Top Conferences

Top 1000 Journals
Top 1000 Scientists
University Rankings
Special Issues Research Blog
Contact us

Follow @guide2research
Top Scientists by H-Index
 United States	 United Kingdom
 Canada	 Germany
 Switzerland	 Australia
 Netherlands	 Hong Kong
 France	 Italy
 Spain	 Belgium
 Singapore All other countries	 Japan
Upcoming Conferences

Subscibe to Newsletter & Conference Alerts
Email Address*

Guide2Research uses the information to contact you about our relevant content. For more information, check out our privacy policy.


Human Computer Interaction
Software Engineering & Programming
Computational Theory and Mathematics
Signal Processing
Databases & Information Systems
Web, Mobile & Multimedia Technologies
General Computer Science
Biomedical & Medical Engineering
Computer Security and Cryptography
202  	BMC Bioinformatics
ISSN:1471-2105 ,	68	107	4.79

213  	Biomedical Signal Processing and Control
ISSN:1746-8094 ,	17	22	2.97

221  	Journal of Medical Systems
ISSN:0148-5598 , Monthly	20	30	3.46

226  	International Journal of Medical Informatics
ISSN:1386-5056 , Monthly	12	15	2.31

227  	Computers and Chemical Engineering
ISSN:0098-1354 , Monthly	11	23	3.13

234  	Bioinspiration and Biomimetics
ISSN:1748-3182 , Quarterly	13	18	2.64

236  	Health Informatics Journal
ISSN:1460-4582 , Quarterly	4	4	1.16

241  	Chemometrics and Intelligent Laboratory Systems
ISSN:0169-7439 , Monthly	4	4	1.32

255  	Journal of Biomedical Optics
ISSN:1083-3668 ,	12	15	2.81

263  	Molecular Informatics ISSN:1868-1743 , Monthly	2	2	0.49

275  	BioData Mining
ISSN:1756-0381 , Bimonthly	5	15	1.65

286  	Journal of Biomedical Semantics
ISSN: ,	13	13	2.64

299  	Biocybernetics and Biomedical Engineering
ISSN:0208-5216 ,	5	9	1.32

313  	International Journal of Computer Assisted Radiology and Surgery
ISSN:1861-6410 ,	37	92	4.12

334  	Journal of Biomechanics
ISSN:0021-9290 ,	16	16	2.15

336  	BMC Medical Informatics and Decision Making
ISSN:1472-6947 , Irregular	23	30	3.46

342  	Statistical Methods in Medical Research
ISSN:0962-2802 , Bimonthly	7	7	2.31

363  	Applied Clinical Informatics
ISSN: , Quarterly	9	12	1.81

376  	International Journal for Numerical Methods in
Biomedical Engineering
ISSN:2040-7939 , Monthly	9	8	1.49

381  	BioMedical Engineering Online
ISSN:1475-925X ,	8	8	1.16

383  	Magnetic Resonance Imaging
ISSN:0730-725X ,	8	10	1.32

390  	International Journal of Medical Robotics and Computer Assisted Surgery ISSN:1478-5951 ,	14	16	2.81

405  	IEEE/ACM Transactions on Computational Biology and Bioinformatics
ISSN:1545-5963 , Bimonthly	59	99	3.30

410  	Medical and Biological Engineering and Computing
ISSN:0140-0118 , Monthly	16	21	2.97
Computational Linguistics & Speech Top Journals with Impact Factor
All Computer Science & Electronics
Image Processing & Computer Vision
Machine Learning & Arti cial Intelligence Graphics and Computer-Aided Design
Computer Networks and Communications
Hardware, Robotics & Electronics
Human Computer Interaction
Software Engineering & Programming
Computational Theory and Mathematics
Signal Processing
Information Systems
Web, Mobile & Multimedia Technologies
General Computer Science
Biomedical & Medical Engineering
Computer Security and Cryptography
Computational Linguistics & Speech Processing
To Download :
Ranking for Top Computer Science Universities 2020
Ranking for Top Scientists in Computer
Science and Electronics 2020, 6th Edition
Ranking for Top Scientists in Computer
Science and Electronics 2019, 5th Edition
Ranking for Top Scientists in Computer Science and Electronics 2018
Special Issues for Journals With Impact Factor, 2017/2017
Conference Ranking : Top Computer Science Conferences, 2017/2017
Impact Factor for Top Journals of
Computer Science and Electronics, 2017
Impact Factor for Top Journals of
Computer Science and Electronics, 2016
Impact Factor for Top Journals of
Computer Science and Electronics, 2015
How to chart a successful research career by Prof Alan Johnson
Top H-Index for Scholars of Computer
Science & Electronics, 2014
Pages
About us
Academic Content Writer
Contact us
Our Methodology Privacy Policy

411  	International Journal of Bio-Inspired Computation
ISSN:1758-0366 , Bimonthly	7	8	1.65

417  	IETE Technical Review ISSN:0256-4602 , Bimonthly	2	3	0.66

487  	Methods of Information in Medicine
ISSN:0026-1270 , Bimonthly	6	13	1.49

508  	Computer Methods in Biomechanics and Biomedical Engineering
ISSN:1025-5842 , Semimonthly	6	7	0.99

527  	Algorithms for Molecular Biology
ISSN:1748-7188 ,	7	6	1.49

541  	Informatics for Health and Social Care
ISSN:1753-8157 , Quarterly	2	2	0.49

612  	Journal of Computational Biology
ISSN:1066-5277 , Monthly	22	26	2.31

660  	Technology and Health Care
ISSN:0928-7329 ,	3	4	0.82

668  	International Journal of Data Mining and Bioinformatics
ISSN:1748-5673 , Monthly	6	6	0.82

734  	Journal of Medical Imaging
ISSN:2329-4302 ,	23	36	3.79

734  	Computer Methods in Biomechanics and Biomedical Engineering: Imaging and Visualization
ISSN:2168-1163 ,	17	16	3.30

734  	Healthcare Technology Letters
ISSN: ,	10	15	2.15

734  	Smart Health
ISSN: ,	8	10	1.32

734  	Brain-Computer Interfaces
ISSN:2326-263X ,	7	8	1.16

734  	Digital Health ISSN:2055-2076 ,	5	6	0.99

734  	Brain Informatics
ISSN:2198-4018 ,	4	4	0.99

734  	JCO Clinical Cancer Informatics
ISSN:2473-4276 ,	3	3	0.99

734  	IEEE Transactions on Medical Robotics and Bionics
ISSN: ,	7	6	0.82

734  	Informatics in Medicine Unlocked
ISSN: ,	3	4	0.66

734  	BMJ Health and Care Informatics
ISSN: ,	2	2	0.33

734  	EAI Endorsed Transactions on Pervasive Health and Technology
ISSN:2411-7145 ,	2	2	0.33

734  	Bio-Algorithms and Med-Systems
ISSN:1895-9091 ,	1	2	0.33

734  	International Journal of E-Health and Medical
Communications ISSN:1947-315X ,	1	1	0.33

734  	International Journal of Healthcare Information Systems and Informatics
ISSN:1555-3396 ,	1	1	0.17
Rank	Publisher	Journal Details	#Top Scientists	#Documents	Impact Score

© 2021 Guide 2 Research. All Rights Reserved.	Maintained by Imed. Back to Top ↑

Top Journals for Computer Science and Electronics
The Ranking of Top Journals for Computer Science and Electronics was prepared by Guide2Research, one of the leading portals for computer science research providing trusted data on scienti c contributions since 2014.
The position in the ranking is based on a novel bibliometric score computed by G2R which is computed using the estimated h-index and the number of leading scientists who have endorsed the journal during the last three previous years.
Read More...	All Conferences

Top Conferences

Top 1000 Journals
Top 1000 Scientists
Top Journals for Computer Science and Electronics with Impa

 	Guide2Research uses the information to contact you about our relevant content. For more information, check out our privacy policy.
Top Conferences By Deadlines
All Top Conferences
Image Processing & Computer Vision
Machine Learning & Arti cial Intelligence
Graphics and Computer-Aided Design Computer Networks and
https://www.guide2research.com/journals/	1/5 IPMI 2021 : International Conference on Information Processing in Medical Imaging « Guide 2 Research


IPMI 2021 : International Conference on Information Processing in
Medical Imaging

 Posted on October 30, 2020 in Conferences
Conference Information
Submission Deadline	Tuesday 01 Dec 2020	Proceedings indexed by :
Conference Dates	Jun 27, 2021 - Jul 2, 2021
Conference Address	Bornholm, Denmark
Conference & Submission Link	https://ipmi2021.org/
	Conference Organizers : ( Deadline extended ? Click here to edit 	 )
Conference Ranking & Metrics (This is a TOP Conference)
Impact Score
#Contributing Top
Scientists
#Papers published by Top
Scientists
Google Scholar H5-index	3.13	Guide2Research Overall Ranking:
35	Category Rankings
Biomedical & Medical Informatics 49
Image Processing & Computer Vision
23	239
10
34
Proceedings	https://link.springer.com/conference/ipmi
Conference Call for Papers
IPMI’s mission is to facilitate and showcase the latest methodological developments within medical imaging. An “IPMI paper” presents novel methodological developments that solve medical imaging analysis problems. Today, IPMI is widely recognised as a preeminent international forum for presentation of cutting edge research in the medical imaging field including the topics below.
Topics
Image registration
Image segmentation
Image acquisition and reconstruction
Image fusion and synthesis
Novel deep learning methods for medical imaging
Statistics for medical imaging
Computer-aided detection and diagnosis
Computational anatomy and physiology
Visualization and physicalization
Multimodal image processing and analysis
Functional and molecular imaging
Imaging and genomics
Image guided surgery
Uncertainty estimation
Interpretability and explainable algorithms
Loss functions for medical imaging
Transfer learning, domain adaptation, data harmonization
Generative modelling
Learning with noisy or limited data
Statistical and mathematical models
Geometric learning, geometric deep learning, geometric statistics Shape modeling and analysis
Other Conferences in Denmark
  CoG 2021 : IEEE Conference on Games	Deadline :
	Aug 17, 2021 - Aug 20, 2021 - Copenhagen	 Denmark	Fri 09 Apr 2021

  VMCAI 2021 : Veri cation, Model Checking and Abstract Interpretation	Deadline :
	Jan 17, 2021 - Jan 22, 2021 - Copenhagen	 Denmark	Mon 11 Oct 2021

All Conferences

Top Conferences

Top 1000 Journals
Top 1000 Scientists
University Rankings
Special Issues Research Blog
Contact us

Follow @guide2research
Top Scientists by H-Index
 United States	 United Kingdom
 Canada	 Germany
 Switzerland	 Australia
 Netherlands	 Hong Kong
 France	 Italy
 Spain	 Belgium
 Singapore All other countries	 Japan
Upcoming Conferences

Subscibe to Newsletter & Conference Alerts
Email Address*

Guide2Research uses the information to contact you about our relevant content. For more information, check out our privacy policy.

Top Conferences By Deadlines
All Top Conferences
Image Processing & Computer Vision
Machine Learning & Arti cial Intelligence Graphics and Computer-Aided Design
Computer Networks and
Communications

https://www.guide2research.com/conference/ipmi-2021-international-conference-on-information-processing-in-medical-imaging	1/2 Alzheimer's and Dementia - Impact Factor, Overall Ranking, Rating, h-index, Impact Factor, SJR, Publisher, ISSN, Scientifi…


Exhibit 15


Proof of 30 scientific reviews undertaken by Dr. Marinescu in conferences and journals on artificial intelligence, computer vision and medical imaging.
•	1 review for CVPR: International Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Reconigiton
•	3 reviews for NeurIPS: The Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems
•	6 reviews for ICML: International Conference on Machine Learning
•	6 reviews for MICCAI: Medical Image Computing and Computer Assisted Interventions
•	8 reviews for IPMI: International Conference on Information Processing in Medical Imaging
•	1 review for NeuroImage (journal)
•	1 review for Nature Communications (journal)
•	1 review for MedIA (journal): Medical Image Analysis
•	1 review for PAMI (journal): IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence • 2 reviews for JAD (journal): Journal of Alzheimer’s Disease Research

Exhibit 16

Exhibit 17


Nadri, Hamed, et al. ,”The top 100 articles in the medical informatics: a bibliometric analysis.” Journal of medical systems
92


Exhibit 18


The Top 100 Articles in the Medical Informatics: a Bibliometric Analysis
Hamed Nadri1,2 & Bahlol Rahimi1  & Toomas Timpka3,4 & Shahram Sedghi5
Received: 1 April 2017 /Accepted: 30 July 2017 /Published online: 19 August 2017

# Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2017
Abstract The number of citations that a research paper receives can be used as a measure of its scientific impact. The objective of this study was to identify and to examine the characteristics of top 100 cited articles in the field of Medical Informatics based on data acquired from the Thomson Reuters’ Web of Science (WOS) in October, 2016. The data was collected using two procedures: first we included articles published in the 24 journals listed in the BMedical Informatics^ category; second, we retrieved articles using the key words: Binformatics^, Bmedicalinformatics^, Bbiomedical informatics^, ^clinical informatics^ and Bhealth informatics^. After removing duplicate records, articles were ranked by the number of citations they received. When the 100 top cited articles had been identified, we collected the following information for each record: all WOS database citations, year of publication, journal, author names, authors’ affiliation, country of origin and topics indexed for each record. Citations for the top 100 articles ranged from 346 to 7875, and citations per year ranged from 11.12 to 525. The majority of articles were published inthe 2000s (n=43)and 1990s (n=38). Articleswere published across 10 journals, most commonly Statistics in medicine (n=71) and Medical decision making (n=28). The articles had an average of 2.47 authors. Statistics and biostatistics modeling was the most common topic (n=71), followed by artificial intelligence (n=12), and medical errors (n=3), other topics included data mining, diagnosis, bioinformatics, information retrieval, and medical imaging. Our bibliometric analysis illustrated a historical perspective on the progress of scientific researchonMedicalInformatics.Moreover, thefindings of the current study provide an insight on the frequency of

This article is part of the Topical Collection on Education & Training
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s10916-017-0794-4) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.

* Bahlol Rahimi
bahlol.rahimi@gmail.com
1 Department of Health Information Technology, Urmia University of Medical Sciences, Urmia, Iran
2
Student Research Committee, Urmia University of Medical Sciences, Urmia, Iran
3	Department of computer and information Sciences, Linköping University, Linköping, Sweden
4	Department of Medical and Health Sciences, Linköping University, Linköping, Sweden
5
Department of Librarianship and Medical Information Science, Iran University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran
citations for top cited articles published in Medical Informatics as well as quality of the works, journals, and the trends steering Medical Informatics.
Keywords Medical informatics . Articles . Bibliometric .
Top-cited
Introduction
The first professional organization for practitioners working with medical information management was founded by Gustav Wagner in Germany back in 1949; while, the first appearance of the specific term Medical Informatics as a denotation of a research and practice area occurred in France in 1960s. Specialized academic departments and courses for Medical Informatics were established in European countries (1960s) and in the United States (1970s). In 2016, the International Medical Informatics Association (IMIA) had more than 40 national association members. To quantify the impact from research in a sub-area of medicine such as Medical Informatics, the number of citations that a publication receives can be used as an objective indicator. Citation analysis is an approach that uses citation data, productivity, and evaluation based on the number of references that an article receives over the time [1, 2]. The pertinence of published article to a specific area is echoed in the amount of citations from peers it obtains. Citation analysis examines a network of published articles to assess an individual article’s impact on its field [3]. Analysis of the most frequently cited articles is used to identify research trends within specific topics and to pinpoint the most frequently occurring authors, journals, and institutions [4]. The number of citations is hugely important for journals since the Impact Factor (IF) of a journal is reliant on the number of citations it receives [5–8], Nevertheless, this indicates the demands for certain articles brought out by researchers and the influence of the articles in generating changesinpractice, controversies,discussions,orfurther researches. The number of citations is considered as a direct measure of the recognition that an article warranted in its field [9–11]. As the journal IF, it can be used as a proxy for scientific quality and originality [12]. The Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) has collected the citations data since 1945 and publicized these data electronically since 1979. Recently, ISI introduced the newest journal citation system called B: Science Citation Index® (SCI) Expanded,^ and it is one of the databases available in the Web of Science portal. Using the citation data retrieved from Web of Sciences databases, researchers have identified and analyzed highly cited articles in different areas of medicine such as Radiology [13, 14], Orthopedic [15], Pathology [16], Neurosurgery [17], Urology [18, 19], Emergency [20], and Dermatology [21].
In Medical Informatics, bibliometric studies have previously been used to characterize subdomains such as, modeling [22], computer-based medical records [23], as categorized and indexed in Medical Subject Headings of national Library of medicine(referred to as BMESH^ terms) [24]. Andrews used a co-citation analyses method to visualize scholarly communication in the field, as well as identify the most productive and prominent authors [25, 26]. Studies have also used citation analysis to develop a core set of Medical Informatics serials [27, 28]. A study by Morris and colleagues found that Medical Informatics is a maturing interdisciplinary field when it identified a relatively small core literature [27]. However, to the best of our knowledge, there was not a comprehensive study focusing on top-cited articles in the field of Medical Informatics.
The aim of this study was to identify the 100 top-cited articles published in Medical Informatics and to examine their main characteristics to gain insight into the types of publications influential attributes in this field. The purpose is to expand the understanding of the role that Medical Informatics plays in medical research and practice.
Materials and methods
We performed a bibliometric analysis of the most highly cited original research articles (excluding Reviews, Proceeding Papers, Editorial Material, etc.) in Medical Informatics using data obtained from the WOS database in October 2016. No time limitations were implemented on the investigation. It is widely known that the citation counts from resources such as Google Scholar, Scopus, and WOS vary [2, 13, 29]. We chose the WOS since we found that it was the database providing the highest scientific quality. It also was compliant with our methods relying on search terms [13], the ability to classify articles to the BMedical Informatics^ category as well as WOS has been shown to be the most robust scientific database resource for medicine [2]. The meaning of BMedical Informatics^ term for this study was defined as Binformatics applied to medical knowledge, practice, management, report, education, and research^[30]; Informatics was here used to denote the study of information and ways to process and handle it. We applied two procedures to identify research articles in the field of medical informatics. These were:
i)	Articles published in the 24 journals listed under the Web of Knowledge subject category of Bmedical informatics^, to include all the papers in the field of Medical Informatics.
ii)	Articles indexed using following keywords: Binformatics^, Bmedical informatics^, Bbiomedical informatics^,^ clinical informatics^ and Bhealth informatics^ were identified by searching the WOS database.
Because of the multidisciplinary nature of the Medical Informatics field, it can be difficult to determine whether a scientific article belongs to the field per se. We therefore collected all articles classified using the subject category BMedical Informatics^ in WOS, and articles that evidently were published in another primary field was excluded from the study.


All articles retrieved in both procedures were imported into a Microsoft Excel 2010 worksheet. Then we removed the duplicate papers from the list. The articles were sorted according to their citation number and listed in descending order. It was assumed that the least cited article in the list would have 100 or more citations. Articles with less than 100 citations were therefore excluded.
Each article was examined regarding following attributes: publication date, journal name, first and senior authors,yearof publication, geographic origin, total number of citations, and citation density (total citations/article age). Continuous variables were summarized with descriptive statistics such as range, mean, and median. Categorical variables were
Rank	Journal	Frequency (n)	Impact factor
1	STATISTICS IN MEDICINE	71	1.533
2	MEDICAL DECISION MAKING	10	2.908
3	JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN
MEDICAL INFORMATICS ASSOCIATION	6	2.363
4	COMPUTER METHODS AND PROGRAMS IN BIOMEDICINE	4	1.862
5	JOURNAL OF BIOMEDICAL INFORMATICS	3	2.447
6	MEDICAL & BIOLOGICAL ENGINEERING & COMPUTING	2	1.797
7	IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY IN BIOMEDICINE	1	2.493
8	JOURNAL OF MEDICAL INTERNET RESEARCH	1	4.532
9	METHODS OF INFORMATION IN MEDICINE	1	2.248
10	STATISTICAL METHODS IN MEDICAL RESEARCH	1	4.634
Table 1 Journals in which the
100 top-cited articles in the Medical Informatics were published
expressed as frequency and percentage. Finally the data were analyzed using HistCite  and SPSS 20.
Results
Sources and citations
The 100 most cited articles were published in 10 journals (Table 1). The articles in the list had been cited between 346 and 7875 times (Table 2). The citation density for the articles ranged from 11.12 to 525 citations/year; mean 47.65 citations/ year and median 31.26 citations/year. The top three articles based oncitation density were BQuantifyingheterogeneityina meta-analysis^ (525 citations/year), BResearch electronic data capture (REDCap)-A metadata-driven methodology and workflow process for providing translational research informatics support^ [31] (305.25 citations/year), and BEvaluating theaddedpredictiveabilityofanewmarker:Fromareaunder the ROC curve to reclassification and beyond^ (78.33 citations/year). The years 1998 and 2004 were the years with the greatest number of top-cited articles (n = 8), followed by 2002 (n = 7), 2000 and 1999 (n = 6). That articles related to year 2002 had more Global Citation Score (shows the total number of citations to a paper) with (GCS = 11,104). In addition, 4 top-cited articles per year were published in 2002, 1984, 1998, and 1993.
The impact factors for journals with the top 100 cited articles ranged from 1.5 to 4.6. The higher immediacy index also belonged to the journal with the lowest impact factor. Specialized Medical Informatics journal such as the JAMIA, only had 6 articles to the list despite its high impact factor.
Author affiliations and numbers
The country of origin, number of manuscripts per institution and type of manuscript are described in Table 2. The two most common departmental affiliations of first authors were Statistics and Biostatics (n = 71) and Artificial Intelligence/ Medical Decision Analysis (n = 12). Other affiliations of first authors included Cancer Research, Nursing, Public Health, Engineering, Bioinformatics and Nutrition Research. The
Table 2 Descriptors of the 100 top-cited manuscripts in the Medical Informatics including country of origin, number of manuscripts per institution and type of manuscript
	Descriptor	Frequency
(percentage)

 HistCite™ Inc. Released 2008. Garfield, E: Thomson Reuters.
  SPSS Inc. Released 2007. SPSSfor Windows, Version 20.0. Chicago, SPSS Inc.

  Country of origin (n = 100)	USA
UK	52 (52%)
25 (25%)
	Canada	11 (11%)
	Australia	4 (4%)
	Netherlands	5 (5%)
	Finland	2 (2%)
	Germany	2 (2%)
	Italy	2 (2%)
	Sweden	2 (2%)
	Other: Austria, Israel, Switzerland and Thailand	1 each (1%
each)
Number of Institutions (n = 103)	1
2	12 (12%)
5 (5%)
	3	5 (5%)
	4	5 (5%)
	5–15	36 (36%)
	>15	40 (40%)
Type of manuscript (n = 100)	Original journal article
Conference proceedings paper	92 (92%)
8 (8%)
average number of authors for the 100 most cited works was 2.47 authors per paper. The number of authors per paper ranged from 1 to 10, and 96% were co-written by six authors or fewer. Individual authors contributed anywhere from 1 to 20 articles on the list. Twenty-two authors contributed more than one article to the top 100 list.
Year of publication
The articles included in this study were published between 1983 and 2011. The average number of years since publication was 29 years and most of the articles were published in the 2000s. Figure 1 is a graphical representation of the distribution of the 100 top cited articles by decade of publication (Table 3).
Discussion
Given the multidisciplinary nature of Medical Informatics, we used the WOS subject category ‘Medical Informatics’ to retrieve articles. This had as consequence that for some wellknown articles in the core field of Medical Informatics and bioinformatics, the number of citations was not sufficient to enter the Top 100 list. We noted that the 1st and 2nd articles in the list with the highest number of citations were published in the biostatistics sub-area. BStatistics in Medicine^ was also the Medical Informatics journal that accumulated the most publications (71 articles). However, the BMedical Decision Making^ journal was the second with 28 articles and the BJournal of the American Medical Informatics Association^ was the third with 6 articles. BComputer Methods and Programs in Biomedicine^ was the 4th journal in rank and there was no other journal contributing more than three articles to the list. It is our understanding that the high number of articles belonging to the biostatistics sub-area in the top 100 list is due to thatthese papers to a high degree also was cited by authors from other medical disciplines than Medical Informatics. Correspondingly, further investigations revealed that 71 of the articles had statistics and biostatics as the subject area, while medical artificial intelligence/decision analysis was the focus of 12 articles. Journals specialized in the core topics of Medical Informatics contributed only a small portion of 100 top cited articles in comparison to non-specialized journals addressing a larger community of medical researchers and practitioners.
Our bibliometric analysis shows that the most cited article in Medical Informatics is the 2002 paper by Higgins JPT and et al., BQuantifying heterogeneity in a meta-analysis,^ in Statistics in Medicine. In addition, this was the article with the most citations per year since publication. Citations per year is a metric which allows us to evaluate which articles are presently being the most widely read and cited, effectively correcting the total citations for time since publication. Figure 2 is a graphical representation of the distribution of the 100 top cited articles by Citations per year. 61 of the 100 most cited articles were published before 2000, biasing the list in favor of articles that have had longer periods of time since publication to accumulate citations. Regarding research institutions, the largest number of records (12 articles) originated from Harvard University, followed by Boston University, and Toronto University with 5 articles each. The number of institutional subdivisions was 149, with Harvard University Medicine School contributing 8 articles, Harvard University School of Public Health 6
articles, and Cambridge Institute of Public Health/MRC Biostatistics Unit (BSU) 4 articles.
We also demonstrate that the majority (n = 43) of the most highly cited articles were published in 2000s. This is contrary to the most of the other bibliometric analyses, which generally have reported that the peak period for citations was between 1980 and 1995 [32–34]. However, elapsed time is required for the articles to accrue citations and gain significant coverage. This lack of elapsed time can explain the relatively few top cited articles published during 2000–2016. The distribution of citations in Fig. 2 with a significant number of citations over the last few years demonstrate the dynamics of the Medical

Fig. 1 Distribution of the 100 top-cited articles in the Medical Informatics by decade of publication

The 100 top-cited articles in Medical Informatics ranked in descending order of number of citations
1	Higgins, Julian, and Simon G. Thompson. BQuantifying heterogeneity in a meta-analysis.^ Statistics in medicine 21.11 (2002)	7875	525	1
2	Harrell, Frank E., et al. BRegression modelling strategies for improved prognostic prediction.^ Statistics in medicine 3.2 (1984)	3462	164.86	5
3	d’Agostino, Ralph B. BTutorial in biostatistics: propensity score methods for bias reduction in the comparison of a treatment to a non-randomized control group.^ Statistics in medicine 17.19 (1998)	2515	132.37	4
4	Pencina, Michael J., and Ralph B. D’Agostino. BOverall C as a measure of discrimination in survival analysis: model specific population value and confidence interval estimation.^ Statistics in medicine 23.13 (2004)	2505	278.33	2
5	Harris, Paul A., et al. BResearch electronic data capture (REDCap)—a metadata-driven methodology and workflow process for providing translational research informatics support.^ Journal of biomedical informatics 42.2 (2009)	2442	305.25	18
6	Wang, Lihong, Steven L. Jacques, and Liqiong Zheng. BMCML—Monte Carlo modeling of light transport in multi-layered tissues.^ Computer methods and programs in biomedicine 47.2 (1995)	1750	79.55	3
7	Parmar, Mahesh KB, Valter Torri, and Lesley Stewart. BExtracting summary statistics to perform meta-analyses of the published literature for survival endpoints.^ Statistics in medicine 17.24 (1998)	1707	89.84	34
8	Newcombe, Robert G. BInterval estimation for the difference between independent proportions: comparison of eleven methods.^ Statistics in medicine 17.8 (1998)	1676	88.21	7
9	Gooley, Ted A., et al. BEstimation of failure probabilities in the presence of competing risks: new representations of old estimators.^ Statistics in medicine 18.6 (1999)	1433	79.61	8
10	Sonnenberg, FrankA., andJ. Robert Beck. BMarkovmodels in medical decision making a practical guide.^ Medical decision making 13.4 (1993)	1231	51.29	29
11	Kim, Hyune-Ju, et al. BPermutation tests for joinpoint regression with applications to cancer rates.^ Statistics in medicine 19.3 (2000)	1165	68.53	9
12	Hochberg, Yosef, and Yoav Benjamini. BMore powerful procedures for multiple significance testing.^ Statistics in medicine 9.7 (1990)	1081	40.04	6
13	Cole, Timothy J., and Pamela J. Green. BSmoothing reference centile curves: the LMS method and penalized likelihood.^ Statistics in medicine 11.10 (1992)	1068	42.72	11
14	Prentice, Ross L. BSurrogate endpoints in clinical trials:
definition and operational criteria.^ Statistics in medicine 8.4 (1989)	998	35.64	15
15	Thompson, Simon G., and Julian Higgins. BHow should meta-regression analyses be undertaken and interpreted?.^ Statistics in medicine 21.11 (2002)	972	64.8	42
16	Van Buuren, Stef, Hendriek C. Boshuizen, and Dick L. Knook. BMultiple imputation of missing blood pressure covariates in survival analysis.^ Statistics in medicine 18.6 (1999)	902	50.11	32
17	Durrleman, Sylvain, and Richard Simon. BFlexible regression models with cubic splines.^ Statistics in medicine 8.5 (1989)	891	31.82	35
18	White, Ian R., Patrick Royston, and Angela M. Wood.
BMultiple imputation using chained equations: issues and guidance for practice.^ Statistics in medicine 30.4 (2011)	838	139.67	10
19	Cuzick, Jack. BAwilcoxon-type test for trend.^ Statistics in medicine 4.4 (1985)	834	26.06	45
20	Moses, Lincoln E., David Shapiro, and Benjamin Littenberg. BCombining independent studies of a	807	33.62	16

	diagnostic test into a summary ROC curve: data-analytic approaches and some additional considerations.^ Statistics in medicine 12.14 (1993)
21	Thompson, Simon G., and Stephen J. Sharp. BExplaining heterogeneity in meta-analysis: a comparison of methods.^ Statistics in medicine 18.20 (1999)	764	42.44	84
22	Newcombe, Robert G. BTwo-sided confidence intervals for the single proportion: comparison of seven methods.^ Statistics in medicine 17.8 (1998)	738	38.84	31
23	Altman, Douglas G., and Patrick Royston. BWhat do we mean by validating a prognostic model?.^ Statistics in medicine 19.4 (2000)	724	42.59	33
24	O’Connor, Annette M. BValidation of a decisional conflict scale.^ Medical decision making 15.1 (1995)	697	31.68	27
25	Harrell, Frank E., Kerry L. Lee, and Daniel B. Mark.
BTutorial in biostatistics multivariable prognostic models: issues in developing models, evaluating assumptions and adequacy, and measuring and reducing errors.^ Statistics in medicine 15 (1996)	696	21.09	13
26	Hosmer DW, Hosmer T, leCessie S, Lemeshow S. BA
comparison of goodness-of-fit tests for the logistic regression model.^ Statistic in medicine. 16.9 (1997).	694	34.7	23
27	Van Houwelingen, Hans C., Lidia R. Arends, and Theo Stijnen. BAdvanced methods in meta-analysis:
multivariate approach and meta-regression.^ Statistics in medicine 21.4 (2002)	688	45.87	21
28	Hämäläinen, Matti S., and Risto J. Ilmoniemi.
BInterpreting magnetic fields ofthebrain: minimumnorm estimates.^ Medical and biological engineering and computing 32.1 (1994)	666	28.96	88
29	Lunn, David, et al. BThe BUGS project: Evolution, critique and future directions.^ Statisticsin medicine28.25(2009)	662	82.75	56
30	Ash, Joan S., Marc Berg, and Enrico Coiera. BSome unintended consequences of information technology in health care: the nature of patient care information system-related errors.^ Journal of the American Medical
Informatics Association 11.2 (2004)	627	36	48
31	Royston, Patrick, Douglas G. Altman, and Willi Sauerbrei. BDichotomizing continuous predictors in multiple regression: a bad idea.^ Statistics in medicine 25.1 (2006)	622	48.23	77
32	Lu, Guobing, and A. E. Ades. BCombination of direct and indirect evidence in mixed treatment comparisons.^ Statistics in medicine 23.20 (2004)	619	56.55	12
33	Dweep, Harsh, et al. BmiRWalk–database: prediction of possible miRNA binding sites by Bwalking^ the genes of three genomes.^ Journal of biomedical
informatics 44.5 (2011)	613	47.62	71
34	Harbord, Roger M., Matthias Egger, and Jonathan AC Sterne. BA modified test for small-study effects in meta-analyses of controlled trials with binary endpoints.^ Statistics in medicine 25.20 (2006)	610	102.17	55
35	Fryback, Dennis G., and John R. Thornbury. BThe efficacy of diagnostic imaging.^ Medical decision making 11.2 (1991)	604	55.45	22
36	Walter, S. D., M. Eliasziw, and A. Donner. BSample size and optimal designs for reliability studies.^ Statistics in medicine 17.1 (1998)	599	31.53	39
37	Kulldorff, Martin, and Neville Nagarwalla. BSpatial disease clusters: detection and inference.^ Statistics in medicine 14.8 (1995)	599	23.23	78
38	Van Essen, David C., et al. BAn integrated software suite for surface-based analyses of cerebral cortex.^ Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association 8.5 (2001)	595	27.23	95
39	Cole, Tim J., Jenny V. Freeman, and Michael A. Preece. BBritish 1990 growth reference centiles for weight,	589	37.19	30

	height, body mass index and head circumference fitted by maximum penalized likelihood.^ Statistics in medicine 17.4 (1998)
40	Metz, CharlesE., Benjamin A. Herman, and Jong-Her Shen. BMaximum likelihood estimation of receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves from
continuously-distributed data.^ Statistics in medicine 17.9 (1998)	588	31	14
41	Fryback, Dennis G., et al. BThe Beaver Dam Health Outcomes Study: initial catalog of health-state quality factors.^ Medical Decision Making 13.2 (1993)	576	30.95	26
42	Putter, Hein, M. Fiocco, and R. B. Geskus. BTutorial in biostatistics: competing risks and multi-state models.^ Statistics in medicine 26.11 (2007)	570	57	20
43	Rubin, Donald B., and Nathaniel Schenker. BMultiple imputation in health-are databases: An overview and some applications.^ Statistics in medicine 10.4 (1991)	570	24	62
44	Jiang, Hangyi, et al. BDtiStudio: resource program for diffusion tensor computation and fiber bundle tracking.^
Computer methods and programs in biomedicine 81.2 (2006)	560	21.92	72
45	Lindberg, Donald AB, Betsy L. Humphreys, and Alexa T.
McCray. BThe unified medical language system.^ IMIA
Yearbook (1993)	557	50.91	49
46	Jonsson, E. Niclas, and Mats O. Karlsson. BXpose—an S-PLUS based population
pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic model building aid for NONMEM.^ Computer methods and programs in biomedicine 58.1 (1998)	553	23.21	73
47	Pencina, Michael J., Ralph B. D’Agostino, and Ramachandran S. Vasan. BEvaluating the added predictive ability of a new marker: from area under the ROC curve to reclassification and beyond.^ Statistics in medicine 27.2 (2008)	535	30.72	65

48	Lipkus, Isaac M., Greg Samsa, and Barbara K. Rimer. BGeneral performance on a numeracy scale amonghighly educatedsamples.^ Medical decision making 21.1 (2001)	530	41.15	17
49	Normand, S. L. T. BMeta-analysis: formulating, evaluating, combining and reporting.^ Statistics in medicine (1999).	529	33.12	24
50	Beck, J. Robert, and Stephen G. Pauker. BThe Markov process in medical prognosis.^ Medical Decision Making 3.4 (1983)	526	29.39	36
51	Clayton, D., and E. Schifflers. BModels for temporal variation in cancer rates. II: age–period–cohort models.^ Statistics in medicine 6.4 (1987)	525	15.47	40
52	Carpenter, James, and John Bithell. BBootstrap confidence intervals: when, which, what? A practical guide for medical statisticians.^ Statistics in medicine 19.9 (2000)	516	17.5	41
53	Pacini, Giovanni, and Richard N. Bergman. BMINMOD: a computer program to calculate insulin sensitivity and pancreatic responsivity from the frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test.^ Computer methods and programs in biomedicine 23.2 (1986)	513	30.35	47
54	J Sweeting, Michael, Alexander J Sutton, and Paul C
Lambert. BWhat to add to nothing? Use and avoidance of continuity corrections in meta-analysis of sparse data.^ Statistics in medicine 23.9 (2004)	511	16.55	53
55	Cope, M., and David T. Delpy. BSystem for long-term measurement of cerebral blood and tissue oxygenation on newborn infants by near infra-red transillumination.^
Medical and Biological Engineering and
Computing 26.3 (1988)	506	39.31	50
56	Eysenbach, Gunther. BThe law of attrition.^ Journal of medical Internet research 7.1 (2005)	506	42.17	99

57	Cnaan, Avital, N. M. Laird, and Peter Slasor. BTutorial in biostatistics: using the general linear mixed model to analyse unbalanced repeated measures and longitudinal data.^ Statistics in medicine 16 (1997)	499	17.45	63
58	Whitehead, Anne, and John Whitehead. BA general parametric approach to the meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.^ Statistics in medicine 10.11 (1991)	492	24.95	28
59	D’Agostino, Ralph B., et al. BRelation of pooled logistic regression to time dependent Cox regression analysis: the Framingham Heart Study.^ Statistics in medicine 9.12 (1990)	481	18.92	96
60	Miettinen, Olli, and Markku Nurminen. BComparative analysis of two rates.^ Statistics in medicine 4.2 (1985)	474	17.81	86
61	Bates, David W., et al. BThe impact of computerized physician order entry on medication error prevention.^
Journal of the American Medical Informatics
Association 6.4 (1999)	468	14.81	38
62	Bates, David W., et al. BTen commandments for effective clinical decision support: making the practice of evidence-based medicine a reality.^ Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association 10.6 (2003)	468	33.43	98
63	Macaskill, Petra, Stephen D. Walter, and Les Irwig. BA comparison of methods to detect publication bias in meta-analysis.^ Statistics in medicine 20.4 (2001)	466	29.12	64
64	Hirth, Richard A., et al. BWillingness to pay for a quality-adjusted life year in search of a standard.^ Medical Decision Making 20.3 (2000)	458	26.94	79
65	Rosse, Cornelius, and José LV Mejino. BA reference ontology for biomedical informatics: the Foundational Model of Anatomy.^ Journal of biomedical informatics 36.6 (2003)	455	32.5	80
66	Clayton, D., and E. Schifflers. BModels for temporal variation in cancer rates. I: age–period and age–cohort models.^ Statistics in medicine 6.4 (1987)	453	15.1	67
67	Littell, Ramon C., Jane Pendergast, and Ranjini Natarajan. BTutorial in biostatistics: modelling covariance structure in the analysis of repeated measures data.^ Statistics in medicine 19.1793 (2000)	451	26.53	81
68	Tibshirani, Robert. BThe lasso method for variable selection in the Cox model.^ Statistics in medicine 16.4 (1997)	445	22.25	19
69	Sankoh, Abdul J., Mohammad F. Huque, and Satya D. Dubey. BSome comments on frequently used multiple endpoint adjustment methods in clinical trials.^ Statistics in medicine 16.22 (1997)	440	22	58
70	Yusuf, Salim, Rory Collins, and Richard Peto. BWhy do we need some large, simple randomized trials?.^ Statistics in medicine 3.4 (1984)	438	13.27	93
71	Vickers, Andrew J., and Elena B. Elkin. BDecision curve analysis: a novel method for evaluating prediction models.^ Medical Decision Making 26.6 (2006)	437	39.73	76
72	Dickman, Paul W., et al. BRegression models for relative survival.^ Statistics in medicine 23.1 (2004)	432	33.23	43
73	Higgins, Julian, and Simon G. Thompson. BControlling the risk of spurious findings from meta-regression.^ Statistics in medicine 23.11 (2004)	424	32.62	92
74	Stinnett, Aaron A., and John Mullahy. BNet health benefits a new framework for the analysis of uncertainty in cost-effectiveness analysis.^ Medical decision making 18.2 suppl (1998)	415	21.84	37
75	DeMets, David L. BMethods for combining randomized clinical trials: strengths and limitations.^ Statistics in medicine 6.3 (1987)	414	13.8	46
76	Chinn, Susan. BA simple method for converting an odds ratio to effect size for use in meta-analysis.^ Statistics in medicine 19.22 (2000)	413	24.29	68

77	Van Buuren, Stef. BMultiple imputation of discrete and continuous data by fully conditional specification.^ Statistical methods in medical research 16.3 (2007)	406	40.6	69
78	Karantonis, Dean M., et al. BImplementation of a real-time human movement classifier using a triaxial accelerometer for ambulatory monitoring.^ IEEE transactions on information technology in biomedicine 10.1 (2006)	406	36.91	44
79	Pocock, Stuart J., et al. BSubgroup analysis, covariate adjustment and baseline comparisons in clinical trial reporting: current practiceand problems.^ Statistics in medicine 21.19 (2002)	404	26.93	74
80	Heinze, Georg, and Michael Schemper. BA solution to the problem of separation in logistic regression.^ Statistics in medicine 21.16 (2002)	400	26.67	25
81	Lumley, Thomas. BNetwork meta-analysis for indirect treatment comparisons.^ Statistics in medicine 21.16 (2002)	395	26.33	59
82	Haynes, R. Brian, et al. BDeveloping optimal search strategies for detecting clinically sound studies in
MEDLINE.^ Journal of the American Medical
Informatics Association 1.6 (1994)	395	17.17	60
83	Zeger, Scott L., and Kung-Yee Liang. BAn overview of methods for the analysis of longitudinal data.^ Statistics in medicine 11.14–15 (1992)	395	15.8	85
84	Austin, Peter C. BBalance diagnostics for comparing the distribution of baseline covariates between treatment groups in propensity-score matched samples.^ Statistics in medicine 28.25 (2009)	390	48.75	52
85	Jaro, Matthew A. BProbabilistic linkage of large public health data files.^ Statistics in medicine 14.5–7 (1995)	388	17.64	57
86	Muggeo, Vito MR. BEstimating regression models with unknown break-points.^ Statistics in medicine 22.19 (2003)	382	27.29	82
87	Rosner, B., W. C. Willett, and D. Spiegelman. BCorrection of logistic regression relative risk estimates and confidence intervals for systematic within-person measurement error.^ Statistics in medicine 8.9 (1989)	381	13.61	90
88	Austin, Peter C. BA critical appraisal of propensity-score matching in the medical literature between 1996 and 2003.^ Statistics in medicine 27.12 (2008)	380	42.22	54
89	Freedman, Laurence S., Barry I. Graubard, and Arthur Schatzkin. BStatistical validation of intermediate endpoints for chronic diseases.^ Statistics in medicine 11.2 (1992)	380	15.2	83
90	Berkey, Catherine S., et al. BA random-effects regression model for meta-analysis.^ Statistics in medicine 14.4 (1995)	377	17.14	51
91	Donner, Allan, and Michael Eliasziw. BSample size requirements for reliability studies.^ Statistics in medicine 6.4 (1987)	377	12.57	89
92	Bates, David W., et al. BReducing the frequency of errors in medicine using information technology.^ Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association 8.4 (2001)	373	23.31	66
93	Gauderman, W. James. BSample size requirements for matched case-control studies of gene–environment interaction.^ Statistics in medicine 21.1 (2002)	370	24.67	61
94	McNeil, Barbara J., and James A. Hanley. BStatistical approaches to the analysis of receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves.^ Medical decision making 4.2 (1984)	367	11.12	75
95	Austin, Peter C., Paul Grootendorst, and Geoffrey M. Anderson. BA comparison of the ability of different propensity score models to balance measured variables between treated and untreated subjects: a Monte Carlo study.^ Statistics in medicine 26.4 (2007)	363	36.3	87

Rank	Article	Citations	Citation per year	Rank by
citation per year
96	Sullivan, Lisa M., Joseph M. Massaro, and Ralph B. D’Agostino. BPresentation of multivariate data for clinical use: The Framingham Study risk score functions.^ Statistics in medicine 23.10 (2004)	363	27.92	70
97	Laird, Nan M. BMissing data in longitudinal studies.^ Statistics in medicine 7.1–2 (1988)	361	12.45	91
98	Lunceford, Jared K., and Marie Davidian. BStratification and weighting via the propensity score in estimation of causal treatment effects: a comparative study.^ Statistics in medicine 23.19 (2004)	354	27.23	97
99	Thakkinstian, Ammarin, et al. BA method for meta-analysis of molecular association studies.^ Statistics in medicine 24.9 (2005)	350	29.17	100
100	Begg, Colin B. BBiases in the assessment of diagnostic tests.^ Statistics in medicine 6.4 (1987)	346	11.53	94
Informatics field, i.e. that the body of literature has flourished in recent years and researchers tend to rely on the latest guidelines. A review of citations in Fig. 1 shows that the authors of the Medical Informatics articles use more up-to-date resources than the forty papers originally published in the 2000s. Noteworthy, all papers in the list of Top cited 100 articles that were retrieved by keyword (ii procedure) were also retrieved through journals related to Medical Informatics searches (i procedure). In other words, all the articles that were retrieved using key words could also be retrieved through the journals search.
Limitations

Fig. 2 The distribution of the 100 top cited articles by Citations per year, Web of Knowledge
As with all bibliometric analyses, our study has limitations. The primary limitation is the use of search terms in the creation of the study database. Articles that did not contain our query terms were not retrieved and included in our analysis. However, we collected all journals that published articles in Medical Informatics according to the WOS BMedical Informatics^ category. Another limitation is that Medical Informatics is a multidisciplinary field, and Medical 



Informatics articles may be published in non-specialized journals. WOS may not always index them using the
Medical Informatics category, and too, recognize their articles which are absolutely related to Medical Informatics are difficult. Moreover, like other bibliometric analyses, our top 100 most cited articles are biased in favor of older publications. However, we also offer the alternative citations per year measure to identify articles with the most impact, regardless of publication year. Finally, articles published in languages other than English might have received unfair citation counts because of bias and poor recognition in the field. Despite these limitations, our investigation provides some insights into the most read and cited articles in the field ofMedical Informatics.
Conclusion
This study highlights the role of Medical Informatics in medicine. We found that articles in the statistics and biostatics subarea dominated the Top 100 cited list, followed by articles in the medical artificial intelligence/decision analysis sub-area. We find that our subspecialty bibliometric analyses has revealed the characteristics of highly cited papers, which have implications for Medical Informatics specialists, librarians, researchers, editors, and reviewers. The most cited articles are continuously changing, meaning that the present study provides a snapshot of the most influential articles of the current time, while also showing trends in the literature.
Acknowledgements The authors are grateful to the Research Committee of Urmia University of Medical Sciences, for their valuable supporting of this research.
Authors’ Contributions Bahlol Rahimi and Hamed Nadri were the responsible for the study design, data analysis, interpretation of results, and drafting the manuscript.
Toomas Timpka contributed to the design of the study, data analysis, and revision of the manuscript.
Shahram Sedghi contributed to the design of the study and revision of the manuscript.
All authors read and approved the final manuscript.
Compliance with Ethical Standards
Funding	There was no funding associated with this research.
Conflict of Interest The authors declare that they have no conflicts of interests.
Research Involving Human Participants and/or Animals This article does not contain any studies with human participants performed by any of the authors.
Informed Consent	Not applicable.
References
1.	Garfield, E., Citation analysis as a tool in journal evaluation. Science. 178:471–479, 1972.
2.	Moed, H.F., New developments in the use of citation analysis in research evaluation. Arch. Immunol. Ther. Exp. 57:13–18, 2009. doi:10.1007/s00005-009-0001-5.
3.	Choudhri, A.F., Siddiqui, A., Khan, N.R., and Cohen, H.L., Understanding bibliometric parameters and analysis. Radiographics, A review publication of the Radiological Society of North America, Inc. 35:736–746, 2015. doi:10.1148/rg. 2015140036.
4.	Hirsch, J.E. An index to quantify an individual’s scientific research output. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America. 102:16569–16572, 2005. doi:10.1073/ pnas.0507655102.
5.	Cheek, J., Garnham, B., and Quan, J., What's in a number? Issues in providing evidence of impact and quality of research(ers). Qual. Health Res. 16:423–435, 2006. doi:10.1177/1049732305285701.
6.	Garfield, E., 100 citation classics from the journal of the American Medical Association. JAMA. 257:52–59, 1987.
7.	Garfield, E., The impact factor and its rightful use. Anaesthesist. 47: 439, 1998. doi:10.1007/s001010050581.
8.	Garfield, E., Journal impact factor: A brief review. Can. Med. Assoc. J. 161:979–980, 1999.
9.	Glanville, J., Kendrick, T., McNally, R., Campbell, J., and Hobbs, F.R., Research output on primary care in Australia, Canada, Germany, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, and the United States: Bibliometric analysis. BMJ. 342:d1028, 2011.
10.	Gu, W., Yuan, Y., Yang, H., Qi, G., Jin, X., and Yan, J., A bibliometric analysis of the 100 most influential papers on COPD. Int. J. Chron. Obstruct. Pulmon. Dis. 10:667-676, 2015. doi:10.2147/COPD.S74911.
11.	Ye, S., Xing, R., Liu, J., and Xing, F., Bibliometric analysis of Nobelists’ awards and landmark papers in physiology or medicine during 1983–2012. Ann. Med. 45:532–538, 2013.
12.	Joyce, C.W., Sugrue, C.M., Joyce, K.M., Kelly, J.L., and Regan, P.J., 100 citation classics in the melanoma literature: A bibliometric analysis. Dermatol. Surg. 40:1284–1298, 2014.
13.	Dolan, R.S., Hanna, T.N., Warraich, G.J., Johnson, J.O., and Khosa, F., The top 100 articles in the radiology of trauma: A bibliometric analysis. Emerg. Radiol. 22:667–675, 2015. doi:10.1007/s10140015-1345-2.
14.	Pagni, M., Khan, N.R., Cohen, H.L., and Choudhri, A.F., Highly cited works in radiology: The top 100 cited articles in radiologic journals. Acad. Radiol. 21:1056–1066, 2014. doi:10.1016/j.acra. 2014.03.011.
15.	Nayar, S.K., Dein, E.J., Spiker, A.M., Bernard, J.A., and Zikria, B.A., The top 100 cited articles in clinical orthopedic sports medicine. Am J Orthop (Belle Mead NJ). 44:E252–E261, 2015.
16.	Pathology International TOP 100 citation articles. Pathology International, 65:2–8, 2015. doi:10.1111/pin.12225.
17.	Khan, N. R., Lee, S. L., Brown, M., Reding, J., Angotti, J., Lepard, J., Gabrick, K., Klimo, P., Jr., and Michael, L. M., Highly cited works in skull base neurosurgery. World Neurosurg.. 83: 403– 418, 2015. doi:10.1016/j.wneu.2014.12.005.
18.	Hennessey, K., Afshar, K., and Macneily, A.E., The top 100 cited articles in urology. Can Urol Assoc J. 3:293–302, 2009.
19.	Nason, G.J., Tareen, F., and Mortell, A., The top 100 cited articles in urology: An update. Can. Urol. Assoc. J. 7:16–24, 2013.
20.	Shuaib, W., Acevedo, J.N., Khan, M.S., Santiago, L.J., and Gaeta, T.J., The top 100 cited articles published in emergency medicine journals. Am. J. Emerg. Med. 33:1066–1071, 2015. doi:10.1016/j. ajem.2015.04.047.
21.	Wu, J.J., Choi, Y.M., and Marczynski, W., The 100 most cited psoriasis articles in clinical dermatologic journals, 1970 to 2012. J. Clin. Aesthet. Dermatol. 7:10–19, 2014.
22.	Hasman, A., and Haux, R., Modeling in biomedical informatics–an exploratory analysis (part 1). Methods Inf. Med. 45:638–642, 2006.
23.	Moorman, P.W., and van der Lei, J., An inventory of publications on computer-based medical records: An update. Methods Inf. Med. 42:199–202, 2003. doi:10.1267/meth03030199.
24.	DeShazo, J.P., LaVallie, D.L., and Wolf, F.M., Publication trends in the medical informatics literature: 20 years of" Medical Informatics" in MeSH. BMC Med. Inform. Decis. Mak. 9:1, 2009.
25.	Mendis, K., Health informatics research in Australia: Retrospective analysis using PubMed. Inform. Prim. Care. 15:17–23, 2007.
26.	Otero, P., Pedernera, F., Montenegro, S., Borbolla, D., Garcia Marti, S., Luna, D., and de Quiros, F.G., Evolution of medical informatics in bibliographic databases. Stud. Health Technol. Inform. 107:301– 305, 2004.
27.	Morris, T.A., and McCain, K.W., The structure of medical informatics journal literature. J. Am. Med. Inform. Assoc. 5:448–466, 1998.
28.	Sittig, D.F., and Kaalaas-Sittig, J., A citation analysis of medical informatics journals. Medinfo. MEDINFO. 8(Pt 2):1452– 1456, 1995.
29.	Yoon, D.Y., Yun, E.J., Ku, Y.J., Baek, S., Lim, K.J., Seo, Y.L., and Yie, M., Citation classics in radiology journals: The 100 top-cited articles, 1945–2012. Am. J. Roentgenol. 201:471–481, 2013.
30.	Eysenbach, G., Consumer health informatics. BMJ: British Medical Journal. 320:1713–1716, 2000.
31.	Harris, P.A., Taylor, R., Thielke, R., Payne, J., Gonzalez, N., and Conde, J.G., Research electronic data capture (REDCap)—a metadata-driven methodology and workflow process for providing translational research informatics support. J. Biomed. Inform. 42: 377–381, 2009.
32.	Lefaivre K A, Shadgan B and O’Brien PJ (2011) 100 most cited articles in orthopaedic surgery. Clinical Orthopaedics and related research® 469: 1487-1497.
33.	Paladugu, R., Schein, M., Gardezi, S., and Wise, L., One hundred citation classics in general surgical journals. World J. Surg. 26: 1099–1105, 2002.
34.	Ponce, F.A., and Lozano, A.M., Highly cited works in neurosurgery. Part I: The 100 top-cited papers in neurosurgical journals: A review. J. Neurosurg. 112:223–232, 2010.

Exhibit 18
Media article on Dr. Marinescu’s research in Adevarul, one of the most popular and trusted newspapers in Romania. Certified translation in English also attached.
105

Romanian researcher at MIT, in the field of artificial intelligence: "Robots will undertake more and more duties, even though surgeons will continue to lead operations"
By: Ştefan Lică 14 February 2020
https://adevarul.ro/locale/cluj-napoca/cercetator-roman-mit-domeniul-inteligentei-artifi ciale-robotii-vor-mai-multe-sarcini-chirurgii-vor-continua-conduca-operatiile-1_5e4525
095163ec42710d3fb8/index.html
Răzvan Marinescu is a researcher at MIT, the world-renowned US university, where he focuses on the study of computational models for predicting Alzheimer's disease. The Romanian is also the author of a study on the evolution of a rare disease, posterior cortical atrophy.
Răzvan Marinescu (29 years old) studied at Imperial College London, after which he further worked on Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence with applications in the field of medicine for his PhD in Great Britain, at University College London. During his college years, he realized that he is attracted to this field for several reasons:
"In the years 2012-2013 during college, I decided to do research after graduation, because I was very fascinated by the idea of "knowledge "and to help the world progress technologically. I looked into many PhD programs, and was most attracted by those in which computer science is applied to medicine, in order to save or improve people's lives. It was then when I realized that computer algorithms can be used to improve diagnoses received by patients, discover new treatments, or understand huge datasets that could not be analyzed manually, " says the researcher.

The first challenges
The next step was relatively simple. To follow his plans, he studied the profile of his university professors, and met Professor Daniel Rueckert, one of the best known specialists in researching "machine learning" algorithms for medical imaging. He advised him to pursue a doctorate at the prestigious University College London, one of the world's top universities. Arriving here, he initially struggled at first during his PhD, and the taste for success was delayed for several months.
"In my first years at UCL, I took advanced courses in Statistics and Machine Learning, but I also had a stressful period. For example, in my first research project there, I worked for about 6-7 months without getting the desired results. We were working on some new algorithms that should have performed better than the classic algorithms, but in reality there was no difference between them, and I didn't understand why. At that point, my coordinating professor helped me a lot, and suggested a much more interesting direction of research that I then followed. After I started working in a new direction, things went much better and I soon became an independent researcher. This meant that I was myself suggesting new research directions, and my coordinating professor was very satisfied and supported me to work on these new ideas ", says Răzvan.
A new challenge, the famous MIT
After completing his PhD at University College London, the young researcher needed a challenge. That's why he chose MIT, one of the top universities across the ocean, where he is pursuing a postdoctoral fellowship. In the United States, he focuses on the study of computational models for predicting Alzheimer's disease. In other words, his studies are related to the application of artificial intelligence in medicine.
“The main applications of artificial intelligence in medicine are generally related to the analysis of medical images: estimating the diagnosis, locating and delineating the pathology (for example, the algorithms will establish that the brain lesion is here in location X and has the Y contour) as well as the reconstruction of clearer and better medical images (reducing the artifacts caused by the movement of patients in the MRI scanner). In my opinion, the revolution, if you can call it that, is underway - many people are now working on machine learning or, in other words, artificial intelligence, with applications in medicine, which will soon revolutionize the medical system”, says Răzvan.
"At MIT, since I came here, I've been working on computational models for predicting Alzheimer's disease, which I also worked on during my PhD at UCL. These models can predict, using brain images as well as genetic data, when certain people will develop Alzheimer's disease and what their trajectory will be. My most impactful achievement was to analyze the predictions of 62 algorithms in the TADPOLE competition. These are algorithms that predict when certain people at risk for Alzheimer's will develop the disease. In addition to this analysis, I was one of the main organizers of the competition, and managed to create a community of about 100 researchers interested in machine learning models for predicting Alzheimer's disease ", explains Răzvan.
Another important project he is working on is the study of the evolution of a rare disease, posterior cortical atrophy. The study is being conducted in collaboration with researchers at the Dementia Research Center in London. In this field, Răzvan and his collaborators have already published a study.
"My second most important project was to analyze the evolution of a rare neurodegenerative disease, Posterior Cortical Atrophy, for which did not know exactly its evolution due to lack of data and appropriate models. Our collaborators at the Dementia Research Center in London collected a set of images from about 100 patients with posterior cortical atrophy, which allowed us to apply more sophisticated progression models that reconstructed the evolution of the disease. This year we published the first study that systematically analyzes the evolution of this rare form of degenerative disease ", says the young researcher.

The future might look like SF movies
Răzvan Marinescu is convinced that in the not too distant future, artificial intelligence will change the face of some fields of medicine. Sophisticated equipment and robots could replace, to some extent, certain doctors, but in a much more distant time horizon.
"In the next 10-20 years, many systems will appear in hospitals that will completely transform radiology. In other areas, such as surgery, more efficient robots will also appear, but here it will take longer, and doctors will stay in control the operations for a while. In the end, areas such as psychology and psychotherapy will probably be the last to be changed by artificial intelligence, because in order to make a machine understand complex, high-level conditions, such as depression or anxiety, we must first learn to solve low-level tasks. For automating tasks in the field of psychology, I think it will take at least 70-90 years before we can attack the problem", predicts the Romanian researcher from MIT.
Even if Romania lags far behind the developed states in terms of artificial intelligence, Răzvan Marinescu does not rule out a possible return to the country. In fact, the young man is considering returning to Romania, to teach in the university environment and to put his shoulder to the development of research.
Primele greutăţi
Următorul pas a fost relativ simplu. Pentru a-şi urma planurile, a studiat pe profilul profesorilor şi l-a cunoscut pe profesorul Daniel Rueckert, unul dintre cei mai cunoscuţi specialişti în cercetarea algoritmilor de „machine learning” pentru imagistică medicală. Acesta l-a sfătuit să urmeze un doctorat la prestigioasa University College Londra, una dintre universităţile de top ale lumii. Ajuns aici, a dat într-o primă fază de greu, iar gustul succesului a întârziat să apară, timp de câteva luni.
„La UCL, în primii ani, am luat cursuri avansate în statistică şi machine learning, dar am avut şi o perioadă stresantă. De exemplu, la primul proiect de cercetare am lucrat vreo 6-7 luni fără să obţin rezultatele dorite. Practic, lucram la nişte algoritmi noi care ar fi trebuit să aibă o performanţă mai bună decât algoritmii clasici, dar în realitate nu era nicio diferenţa între ei, iar eu nu înţelegeam de ce. În acel moment, profesorul meu coordonator m-a ajutat foarte mult, şi mi-a sugerat o direcţie mult mai interesantă de cercetare pe care am urmat-o apoi. După ce am început să lucrez pe o nouă direcţie, lucrurile au mers mult mai bine şi în scurt timp am devenit cercetător independent. Asta însemna că veneam eu însumi cu propuneri de proiecte, iar profesorul coordonator era foarte mulţumit şi mă susţinea să lucrez la aceste noi idei”, povesteşte Răzvan.
O nouă provocare, celebra MIT
După terminarea doctoratului la University College London, tânărul cercetător avea nevoie de o provocare. Aşa a ales MIT, una dintre universităţile de top de peste Ocean, unde urmează şi un postdoctoral. În Statele Unite ale Americii, el se concentrează pe studiul unor modele computaţionale pentru prezicerea bolii Alzheimer. Sau altfel spus, studiile sale ţin de aplicaţiile inteligenţei artificiale în medicină.
Principalele aplicaţii ale inteligenţei artificiale în medicină sunt în general legate de analiza de imagini medicale: estimarea diagnosticului, localizarea şi delinierea patologiei (de exemplu, vor stabili că leziunea din creier este aici în locaţia X şi are conturul Y) şi reconstrucţia de imagini medicale mai clare şi mai bune (mă gândesc reducerea artefactelor cauzate de mişcarea pacienţilor în scannerul RMN). În opinia mea, revoluţia, dacă se poate numi aşa, este în curs -- multă lume lucrează acum la machine learning sau, altfel spus, inteligenţa artificială cu aplicaţii în medicină, care în curând o să revoluţioneze sistemul medical.
„La MIT, de când am venit, încă termin lucrul la modele computationale pentru prezicerea bolii Alzheimer, la care am lucrat în timpul doctoratului la UCL. Aceste modele pot să prezică, folosind imagini din creier precum şi date genetice, când anumite persone vor dezvoltă boală Alzheimer şi care va fi traiectoria acestora. Cea mai de impact realizare a mea a fost să analizez prezicerile a 62 de algoritmi din competiţia TADPOLE, algoritmi care prezic când anumiţi oameni cu risc de Alzheimer vor dezvoltă boală. Pe lângă această analiză, am fost şi unul din principalii co-organizatori ai competiţiei, şi am reuşit să creăm o comunitate de aproximativ 100 de oameni interesată de modele de machine learning pentru prezicerea bolii Alzheimer”, explică Răzvan.
Un alt proiect important la care lucrează este studiul evoluţiei unei boli rare, artrofia corticală posterioară. Studiul este făcut în colaborarea cu cercectătorii Centrului Cercetare a Demenţei din Londra. În acest domeniul Răzvan şi colaboratorii săi au publicat deja un studiu.
„Al doilea cel mai important proiect al meu a fost să analizez evoluţia unei boli neurodegenerative rare, atrofie corticală posterioară (Posterior Cortical Atrophy), despre care nu se ştia exact evoluţia din lipsa de date şi modele corespunzătoare. Colaboratorii noştri de la centrul de cercetare a demenţei din Londra (Dementia Research Center) au colectat un set de imagini de la aproximativ 100 de pacienţi cu atrofie corticală posterioară, care ne-a permis să aplicăm nişte modele de progresie mai complexe ce reconstruiau evoluţia bolii. Am publicat aşadar anul acesta primul studiu care analizează sistematic evoluţia acestei forme rare de boală degenerativă”, arată tânărul cercetător.

Viitorul ar putea să semene cu filmele SF
Răzvan Marinescu este convins că într-un viitor deloc îndepărtat, intelgenţa artificială va schimba la faţă unele domenii ale medicinei. Aparatura sofisticată şi roboţii ar putea înlocui, într-o oarecare măsură, şi anumiţi medici, însă asta într-un orizont de timp mult mai îndepărtat.
„În următorii 10-20 de ani, vor apărea multe sisteme în spitale care vor transforma complet radiologia. În alte domenii, precum cel  chirurgical, vor apărea de asemenea roboţi mai performanţi, dar aici va dura mai mult, iar doctorii încă vor rămâne o perioada cei care controlează operaţiile. În final, domenii precum psihologia şi psihoterapia vor fi probabil ultimele care vor fi schimbate de inteligenţa artificială, fiindcă pentru a face o maşină să înţeleagă taskuri high-level (depresie sau anxietate), trebuie întâi să le învăţăm să rezolve taskuri low-level. Pentru automatizarea domeniului psihologiei, cred că va dura cel puţin 70-90 de ani până să putem ataca problema”, prezice cercetătorul român de la MIT.
Chiar dacă România se află mult în urma statelor dezvoltate în ce priveşte intelgenţa artificială, Răzvan Marinescu nu exclude o eventuală întoarcere în ţară. De altfel, tânărul se gândeşte să revină în România, pentru a preda în mediul universitar şi pentru a pune umărul la dezvoltarea cercetării.
„Încă nu m-am hotărât unde o să mă stabilesc după ce termin studiile post-doctorande la MIT. În principiu, mi-ar plăcea să mă întorc în România şi să devin profesor universitar pentru a sprijini cercetarea de acolo. Avantajele de a face cercetare în România ar fi că pot strânge cei mai buni studenţi să lucreze cu mine, şi cred că este foarte mult talent în România cu care pot lucra. Dezavantajele ar fi că nu există comunitate ştiinţifică bine devoltata, şi crearea unei astfel de comunităţi ar fi ceva în plus de care ar trebui să ne ocupăm cu toţii. În plus, în România este puţin capital disponibil pentru cercetare, dar acest lucru a început să se schimbe odată cu disponibilitatea fondurilor europene”, încheie Răzvan Marinescu.


Adevărul

Adevărul (Romanian pronunciation: [adeˈvərul]; meaning "The Truth", formerly spelled Adevĕrul) is a
Romanian daily newspaper, based in Bucharest. Founded in Iași, in 1871, and reestablished in 1888, in	Adevărul

Adevărul logo
Type	Daily newspaper
Format	compact
Owner(s)	Cristian Burci
Editor	Adevărul Holding
Staff writers	18[1]
Founded	1871 (reestablished
1888, 1919, 1946,
1989)
Headquarters 21 Fabrica de
Glucoză Street,
Sector 2
City	Bucharest
Country	Romania
ISSN	1016-7587 (https://
www.worldcat.org/s earch?fq=x0:jrnl&q= n2:1016-7587)
Website	www.adevarul.ro (ht
tp://www.adevarul.r o/)
Media of Romania List of newspapers

Contents

Ownership, editorial team and structure
History
1871 and 1888 editions Origins
Early campaigns
Mille's arrival and rise in popularity
Early cultural ventures
New advocacies and 1907 Revolt coverage
Early 1910s
World War I
1919 edition
Early interwar years
Clashes with the far right
1946 edition
1937 ban and recovery Communist censorship
1989 edition
1989 reestablishment and support for the FSN
Târgu Mureș conflict and 1990 Mineriad
The privatization years
Late 1990s emancipation Changes in management
Post-2000 editorial policy and controversies 2011 crisis
Notes
References
External links
Bucharest, it was the main left-wing press venue to be published during the Romanian Kingdom's existence, adopting an independent pro-democratic position, advocating land reform, and demanding universal suffrage. Under its successive editors Alexandru Beldiman and Constantin Mille, it became noted for its virulent criticism of King Carol I. This stance developed into a republican and socialist agenda, which made Adevărul clash with the Kingdom's authorities on several occasions. As innovative publications which set up several local and international records during the early 20th century, Adevărul and its sister daily Dimineața competed for the top position with the right-wing Universul before and throughout the interwar period. In 1920, Adevărul also began publishing its prestigious cultural supplement, Adevărul Literar și Artistic. By the 1930s, their anti-fascism and the Jewish ethnicity of their new owners made Adevărul and Dimineața the targets of negative campaigns in the far right press, and the antisemitic Octavian Goga cabinet banned both upon obtaining power in 1937. Adevărul was revived by Barbu Brănișteanu after World War II, but was targeted by Communist Romania's censorship apparatus and again closed down in 1951.
A newspaper of the same name was set up in 1989, just days after the Romanian Revolution, replacing Scînteia, organ of the defunct Romanian Communist Party. Initially a supporter of the dominant National Salvation Front, it adopted a controversial position, being much criticized for producing populist and radical nationalist messages and for supporting the violent Mineriad of 1990. Under editors Dumitru Tinu and Cristian Tudor Popescu, when it reasserted its independence as a socially conservative venue and was fully privatized, Adevărul became one of the most popular and trusted press venues. Nevertheless, it remained involved in scandals over alleged or confirmed political and commercial dealings, culminating in a 2005 conflict which saw the departure of Popescu, Bogdan Chireac and other panelists and the creation of rival newspaper Gândul. As of 2006, Adevărul had been the property of Dinu Patriciu, a prominent Romanian businessman and politician. 
Ownership, editorial team and structure

Adevărul is the main trademark of Adevărul Holding, a company owned by Cristian Burci. The main newspaper itself is edited by editor-inchief Dan Marinescu and several deputy editors (Liviu Avram, Adina Stan, Andrei Velea and others).[1] Also part of the holding are the cultural magazines Dilema Veche and Historia, the tabloid Click!, the magazines Click! pentru femei, Click! Sănătate, Click! Poftă bună! and OK! Magazine.
In December 2010, Adevărul Holding also launched a sister version of its title asset, published in neighboring Moldova as Adevărul
Moldova.[2]
The Romanian newspaper had special pages of regional content, one each for Bucharest, Transylvania, Moldavia, the western areas of Banat and Crișana, and the southern areas of Wallachia and Northern Dobruja. It also hosts columns about the larger sections of Romanian diaspora in Europe, those in Spain and Italy. Adevărul publishes several supplements. In addition to Adevărul Literar și Artistic (formerly a separate magazine, now issued as a culture supplement which is issued on Wednesdays), it publishes five others: on Mondays, the sports magazine Antifotbal ("Anti-football"), which focuses on the traditionally less-covered areas of the Romanian sports scene; on Tuesdays, Adevărul Expert Imobiliar ("Real Estate Expert"); on Thursdays, Adevărul Sănătate ("Health"), a health and lifestyle magazine; on Fridays, a TV guide, Adevărul Ghid TV, followed on Sundays by the entertainment section Magazin de Duminică ("Sunday Magazine"). In October 2008, Adevărul also launched Adevărul de Seară ("Evening Adevărul"), a free daily newspaper and evening edition, which was closed down in May 2011.[3]
As of 2008, the newspaper publishes Colecția Adevărul, a collection of classic and popular works in world and Romanian literature. These are issued as additional supplements, and sold as such with the newspaper's Thursday editions.

History

1871 and 1888 editions
Origins
A newspaper by the name Adevĕrulŭ (pronounced the same as Adevărul, but following versions of the Romanian alphabet which emphasized etymology, in this case from the Latin word veritas) was founded on December 15, 1871.[4] The weekly was owned by Alexandru Beldiman, a former Police commander, and published in Iași, the former capital of Moldavia. Beldiman directed the newspaper in opposition to Romania's new Domnitor, the German prince Carol of Hohenzollern, calling for the restoration of his deposed and exiled predecessor, the Moldavian-born Alexandru Ioan Cuza.[4] Its articles against the new monarch soon after resulted in Beldiman's indictment for defamation and attack on the 1866 Constitution.[4] He was eventually acquitted, but the
journal ceased publication with its 13th issue (April 1872).[4]	The Adeverulu published in Iași (front page
of the first issue in the 1871 series).
Adevărul reemerged as a daily on August 15, 1888, seven years after the proclamation of a Romanian Kingdom. It was then known as Adevĕrul, which also reflected the veritas origin, and the ĕ, although obsolete by the early 20th century, was kept as a distinctive sign by all the paper's owners until 1951.[4][5] Initially financed by a printer, who agreed to advance it a short-term credit,[6] the new gazette was co-founded by Alexandru Beldiman and Alexandru Al. Ioan, the son of former Domnitor Cuza, and was again noted for its radical and often irreverent critique of newly crowned King Carol and the "foreign dynasty".[4][5][7][8] The small editorial team included writer Grigore Ventura and his son Constantin, as well as, after a while, political columnist I. Hussar.[7] In December 1888, it changed its format, from a No. 6 to a No. 10 in paper size, while
abandoning the initial, calligraphed logo, in favor of a standard serif which it used until 1951.[7]	First version of the page of the first issue in the 1888 series).Adevĕrul logo (front
Beldiman's hostility to the monarchy was reflected in one of the 15 objectives set by the second	A similar version was used in the early
1990s (Adevărul, in light blue, with identical series' first issue, whereby [7] and evident Adevărulin having  called for an chosen for elective monarchythe paper's motto with magistratures reserved a quote from poet Vasile typeface). for locals,
Alecsandri, which read: Să te feresci, Române!, de cuiŭ strein în casă ("Romanians, beware of
foreign nails in your house", an allusion to Carol's German origin).[4][5][7][9] The journalists called Carol's accession to the throne by the 1866 plebiscite "an undignified comedy",[8] refused to capitalize references to M. S. Regele ("H[is] M[ajesty] the King"),[4] and referred to May 10, the national celebration of the Kingdom, as a "national day of mourning".[4][10] In December 1888, they also published a list of Carol's alleged attacks on Romanian dignity.[11] According to one account, after the newspaper's first May 10 issue came out in 1889, Police forces bought copies which they later set on fire.[10] Reportedly, its circulation peaked on May 10 of each year, from some 5,000 to some 25,000 or 30,000 copies.[4][12] Adevărul also debated with the German newspapers Norddeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung and Kölnische Zeitung, who worried that Romania's anti-dynasticists plotted Carol's murder, assuring them that the actual battle was political, "in broad daylight, on the wide path of public opinion."[8] In 1891, the paper called for boycotting Carol's 25th anniversary on the throne.[8]
Early campaigns
Located in Bucharest, the new Adevărul had its original headquarters in Calea Victoriei (Doamnei Street, Nouă Street, Brătianu Boulevard and Enei Street).[7][13] It later moved to a building near the National Bank and the Vilacrosse Passage, where it occupied just several rooms (leading its staff to repeatedly complain about the lack of space).[5][13][14] A serious crisis occurred during 1892, when, having omitted to register his trademark, Beldiman was confronted with the appearance of a competing Adevărul, published by his former associate Toma Basilescu, who had been the original gazette's administrator for the previous year.[10] In June 1892, an arbitral tribunal decided in favor of Beldiman, ordering Basilescu to close down his paper.[10]
With time, the newspaper had moved from advocating King Carol's replacement with a local ruler to supporting republicanism.[8] In 1893, as part of its extended campaign, during which it gathered letters of protest from its readers, Adevărul obtained the cancellation of plans for a public subscription to celebrate the engagement of Crown Prince Ferdinand to Marie of Edinburgh.[8] In addition, Adevărul began militating for a number of major social and political causes, which it perceived as essential to democracy. In its 15 points of 1888, it notably demanded universal suffrage to replace the census method enshrined in the 1866 Constitution, unicameralism through a disestablishment of the Senate, a land reform to replace leasehold estates, self-governance at a local level, progressive taxation, Sunday rest for employees, universal conscription instead of a permanent under arms force, women's rights, emancipation for Romanian Jews.[7] It embraced the cause of Romanians living outside the Old Kingdom, particularly those in Austro-Hungarian-ruled Transylvania,[7][8] while calling for Romania to separate itself from its commitment to the Triple Alliance, and advocating a Balkan Federation to include Romania.[7]
Adevărul also took an active interest in the problems facing Romania's rural population: while calling for a land reform, it expressed condemnation of the failing sanitary system, which it blamed for the frequency of countryside epidemics, and for the administrative system, which it accused of corruption.[8] It depicted revolt as legitimate, and campaigned in favor of amnesty for prisoners taken after the 1888 peasant riots.[8] The paper supported educational reforms in the countryside, calling attention to the specific issues faced by rural teachers, but also campaigned against their use of corporal punishment as a method of maintaining school discipline.[8] In similar vein, Adevărul focused on cases of abuse within the Romanian Army, documenting cases where soldiers were being illegally used as indentured servants, noting the unsanitary conditions which accounted for an unusually high rate of severe conjunctivitis, and condemning officers for regularly beating their subordinates.[8] As part of the latter campaign, it focused on Crown Prince Ferdinand, who was tasked with instructing a battalion and is said to have slapped a soldier for not performing the proper moves.[8] Adevărul investigated numerous other excesses of authority, and on several occasions formed special investigative commissions of reporters who followed suspicions of judicial error.[8] It also spoke out in favor of Jewish emancipation, while theorizing a difference between the minority "exploiting Jews" and an assimilable Jewish majority.[8]
Under Beldiman, the newspaper took pride in stating its independence, by taking distance from the two dominant parties, the Conservatives and the National Liberal Party, who either supported or tolerated King Carol.[4] This stance reputedly earned the publication an unusual status: anecdotes have it that Conservative leader Lascăr Catargiu would only read Adevărul while in the opposition, and that its columnist Albert Honigman was the first and for long time only journalist allowed into the upper-class society at Casa Capșa restaurant.[14] In February 1889, the Conservative Premier Theodor Rosetti reputedly tried to silence Adevărul by having its distributors arrested.[10] In 1892, Adevărul became the first local newspaper to feature a cartoonist section, which hosted caricatures of the period's potentates, and its rebelliousness allegedly frightened the Romanian zincographers to the point where the plates had to be created abroad.[6] In April 1893, the Catargiu cabinet organized a clampdown on the newspaper: it arrested its editor Eduard Dioghenide (who was sentenced to a year in prison on charges of sedition) and, profiting from the non-emancipated status of Romanian Jews, it expelled its Jewish contributors I. Hussar and Carol Schulder.[10] Another incident occurred during May of the following year, when the paper's headquarters were attacked by rioting University of Bucharest students, who were reportedly outraged by an article critical of their behavior, but also believed to have been instigated by the Conservative executive's
Gendarmerie.[10]
In parallel, Adevărul took steps to establishing its reputation as a newspaper of record. A local first was established in June 1894, when Adevărul hosted the first foreign correspondence article received by a Romanian periodical: a telegram sent by the French socialist newspaperman Victor Jaclard, discussing the assassination of Marie François Sadi Carnot and the accession of Jean Casimir-Perier to the office of President.[6] Adevărul also broke ground by publishing a plate portrait of Casimir-Perier only a day after his rise to prominence.[6] Early on, the newspaper also had a cultural agenda, striving to promote Romanian literature for the general public and following a method outlined by a 1913 article: "In his free time [...], the reader, having satisfied his curiosity about the daily events, finds entertainment for the soul in the newspaper's literary column. People who would not spend a dime on literary works, will nevertheless read literature once this is made available to them, in a newspaper they bought for the information it provides."[15] Initially, Adevărul dedicated its Sunday issue to literary contributions, receiving such pieces from George Coșbuc, Haralamb Lecca, Ioan N. Roman, and the adolescent poet ștefan Octavian Iosif.[15]
Mille's arrival and rise in popularity
By 1893, the gazette's panel came to include several leading activists of the newly created Romanian Social Democratic Workers' Party (PSDMR), among them Constantin Mille and brothers Anton and Ioan Bacalbașa.[5][14] Mille was an innovator, seen by his contemporaries as a "father of modern Romanian journalism" (a title carved on his tombstone in Bellu cemetery).[5] Although brief, Anton Bacalbașa's stay also left a distinct mark on Adevărul: in 1893, he authored what is supposedly the first interview in Romanian media history.[16] Working together, Mille, Beldiman and Bacalbașa sought to coalesce the left-wing forces into a single league for universal suffrage, but Adevărul soon pulled out of the effort, accusing fellow militant Constantin Dobrescu-Argeș of having embezzled the funds put at his disposal.[17]
In 1895, Mille purchased the newspaper, but, even though the Alecsandri motto was removed a short while after,[5] Beldiman maintained editorial control until his death three years later, explaining that he was doing so in order to maintain an independent line.[4][5] The purchase was received with consternation by many PSDMR members, particularly since Adevărul competed with its official platforms (Munca and, after 1894, Lumea Nouă).[18] In late 1893, Adevărul was also publishing articles by an unsigned author, who may have been Constantin Stere (later known as the man behind post-socialist "Poporanism") ridiculing Munca's elitist content.[19]

Eventually, the PSDMR expelled Mille on grounds of having betrayed socialism.[5][18] Allegedly upset that Beldiman had chosen Mille's offer over his own, Anton Bacalbașa quit Adevărul, becoming one of Mille's most vocal critics.[5] A third Bacalbașa, Constantin, stayed on, and, from 1895, was Mille's first editor.[20] He became known for his anti-colonial stance, giving positive coverage to the 1896 Philippine Revolution.[21]
In 1904, the board created Adevĕrul S. A., the first in a series of joint stock companies meant to insure its control of commercial rights.[22] In 1898, after Mille invested its profits into real estate,
Adevărul left its crowded surroundings and moved to a specially designed new building on
Sărindar Street (the present-day C. Mille Street, between Calea Victoriei and the Cișmigiu Gardens). Inspired by Le Figaro's palatial quarters, it was first building of such proportions in the history of Romania's print media, housing a printing press, paper storage, distribution office and mail room, as well as a library, several archives, a phone station and a Romanian Orthodox chapel.[5][6][13] Its halls were luxuriously decorated according to Mille's specifications, and adorned with posters by international artists such as Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec and Alfons Mucha, and by its own occasional illustrator, Nicolae Vermont.[5][13] Around 1900, Mille purchased a neighboring plot, the former Saint-Frères manufacturing plant, and unified both buildings under a single facade.[13] It was there that, after placing an order with the Mergenthaler Company, he installed the first Linotype machines to be used locally.[5][6][12][13]
Adevărul established itself as the most circulated paper, setting up successive records in terms of copies per issue due to Mille's favorable approach to modern printing techniques: from 10,000 in

Adevărul editors in 1897. Constantin Mille is first seated from left. Standing behind him are Ioan Bacalbașa (middle) and Constantin Bacalbașa (right)

1894, these brought the circulation to 12,000 in 1895 and 30,000 in 1907.[12] Writing in 1898, Mille took pride in calling his newspaper "a daily encyclopedia" or "cinema" for the regular public, universally available at only 5 bani per copy.[23] In 1904, making efforts to keep up with his rival Luigi Cazzavillan, founder of the right-wing competitor Universul,[5] Mille established a morning edition, which was emancipated under separate management in December of the same year, under the new name Dimineața. As of 1912, Dimineața was the first Romanian daily to use full color print, with a claim to have been the world's first color newspaper.[5][6] Beginning 1905, both gazettes ensured stable revenues by leasing their classified advertising sections to Carol Schulder's Schulder Agency.[6]

Early cultural ventures
Momente și schițe), as well as The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas, père.[15]
In later years, Adevărul experimented by publishing a different supplement each day, including one titled Litere și Arte ("Arts and Letters").[15] By the	Nicolae Petrescu Găină's caricature of C. I. Stăncescu, original watercolor	The same image, as republished by Adevărul
In order to consecrate the newspaper's cultural ambitions, Mille became head of a literary club,[5] while he considered creating a separate literary edition. A literary supplement (Adevĕrul Literar, "The Literary Truth") was in print between 1894 and 1896, before being replaced by Adevĕrul Ilustrat ("The Illustrated Truth") and soon after by Adevĕrul de Joi ("The Truth on Thursday"), edited by poet Artur Stavri, and eventually closed down due to lack of funding in 1897.[15] Although short-lived, these publications had a significant part on the cultural scene, and hosted contributions by influential, mostly left-wing, cultural figures: Stavri, Stere, Constantin D. Anghel, Traian Demetrescu, Arthur Gorovei, Ion Gorun, Henric and Simion Sanielevici.[15] In this context, Adevărul also began receiving contributions from prominent humorist Ion Luca Caragiale—previously a conservative adversary, known for his mockery of republican sensationalism.[24] In return for the 1897 setback, the gazette began allocating space to serialized works of literature, including sketches by Caragiale (most of the writings later published as
mid-1890s, Adevărul was encouraging developments in visual arts in Romania, publishing several original posters,[6] and hosting art chronicles signed with various pseudonyms. In 1895, it covered the artistic environment's split into several competing wings: its columnist, using the pseudonym Index, gave a negative review to Nicolae Grigorescu and the other Impressionists or Realists who together had rebelled against the official academic salon of C. I. Stăncescu.[25] The following year however, a chronicler who used the pen name Gal praised the anti-academic independents' salon, supporting its members ștefan Luchian, Alexandru Bogdan-Pitești and Vermont (whose portraits it featured as illustrations for the texts, alongside a notorious caricature of C. I. Stăncescu by Nicolae Petrescu-Găină).[26]
By 1905, Adevărul was publishing a supplement titled Viața Literară ("The Literary Life", edited by Coșbuc, Gorun and Ilarie Chendi) and two other satirical periodicals, Belgia Orientului ("The Orient's Belgium", named after a common sarcastic reference to the Romanian Kingdom) and Nea Ghiță ("Uncle Ghiță").[15] It also began running its own publishing house, Editura Adevĕrul, noted early on for its editions of Constantin Mille's novels, Caragiale's sketches, and George Panu's memoirs of his time with the literary club Junimea.[15] In parallel, Mille reached out into other areas of local culture. Early on, he instituted a tradition of monthly festivities, paid for from his own pocket, and noted for the participation of leading figures in Romanian theater (Maria Giurgea, Constantin Nottara and Aristizza Romanescu among them).[14] Beginning 1905, the paper had for its illustrator Iosif Iser, one of the major graphic artists of his generation, whose satirical drawings most often targeted Carol I and Russian Emperor Nicholas II (attacked for violently suppressing the 1905 Revolution).[27] As a promotional tactic, Adevărul participated in the National Fair of 1906, where it exemplified its printing techniques while putting out a collector's version of the newspaper, titled Adevĕrul la Expoziție ("Adevĕrul at the Exhibit").[6]
New advocacies and 1907 Revolt coverage
Several mass social, cultural and political campaigns were initiated or endorsed by Adevărul before 1910. According to one of Constantin Mille's columns of 1906, the newspaper continued to see itself as an advocate of people's causes: "Any of our readers know that, should any injustice be committed against them, should all authorities discard them, they will still find shelter under this newspaper's roof."[5] In line with Beldiman and Mille's political vision, it militated for a statue of Domnitor Cuza to be erected in Iași (such a monument being eventually inaugurated in 1912).[12] Similar initiatives included the 1904 event marking 400 years since the death of Moldavian Prince Stephen the Great, and the erection in Craiova of a bust honoring its deceased contributor, poet Traian Demetrescu.[12] At around the same time, Mille's gazette became a noted supporter of feminism, and created a special column, Cronica femeii ("The Woman's Chronicle"), assigned to female journalist Ecaterina Raicoviceanu-Fulmen.[28] Over the following decade, it hosted regular contributions by other militant women, among them Lucrezzia Karnabatt, E. Marghita, Maura Prigor, Laura Vampa and Aida Vrioni.[28] Having endorsed the creation of a journalists' trade union and a Romanian Writers' Society, the newspaper also claimed to have inspired the idea of a Bucharest ambulance service, a project taken up by physician Nicolae Minovici and fulfilled in 1906.[12] Despite his leftist sympathies, Mille found himself in conflict with Romania's labor movement: believing that the Linotype machines would render their jobs obsolete, they went on strike, before the editor himself resolved to educate them all in the new techniques.[6]
Adevărul's ongoing support for Jewish emancipation was accompanied by a sympathetic take on the growing Zionist movement. In 1902, the paper offered an enthusiastic reception to visiting French Zionist Bernard Lazare, prompting negative comments from the antisemitic French observers.[29] By 1906, Adevărul's attitude prompted historian Nicolae Iorga, leader of the antisemitic Democratic Nationalist Party, to accuse the newspaper of cultivating a "Jewish national sentiment" which, he claimed, had for its actual goal the destruction of Romania.[30] In his Naționalism sau democrație ("Nationalism or Democracy") series of articles for Sămănătorul magazine (an ethno-nationalist organ published by Iorga), the Transylvanian-based thinker Aurel Popovici, who criticized the elites of Austria-Hungary on grounds that they were serving Jewish interests, alleged that the impact of Adevărul and Dimineața carried the same risk for Romania.[31] In later years, Iorga casually referred to Adevărul as "the Jewish press organ", while, together with his political associate A. C. Cuza and other contributors to his Neamul Românesc journal, he repeatedly claimed that the entire press was controlled by the Jews.[32] The antisemitic discourse targeting the Sărindar-based publications was taken up in the same period by the traditionalist Transylvanian poet Octavian Goga and by businessman-journalist Stelian Popescu (who, in 1915, became owner of Universul).[33]
Pursuing its interest in the peasant question, Adevărul was one of the main factors of dissent during the 1907 Peasant Revolt, which was violently quelled by the National Liberal cabinet of Dimitrie Sturdza. The paper reported on or made allegations about the shooting and maltreatment of peasants, reputedly to the point where government officials promised to end repression if Mille agreed to tone down his publication.[8] Various researchers accuse Mille of having seriously exaggerated the scale of repression for political purposes.[23][34][35][36] Historian Anton Caragea, who theorizes the intrusion of Austria-Hungary, argues that, having received payments from Austro-Hungarian spies, both Adevărul and Universul were conditioned to incite public sentiment against the Sturdza executive.[35] Soon after the revolt, Editura Adevĕrul published Caragiale's 1907, din primăvară până în toamnă ("1907, From Spring to Autumn"), an attack on the Kingdom's institutions and analysis of its failures in connection to the rebellion, which was an instant best-seller.[15][37]


Early 1910s
Following the 1907 events, the gazette participated in an extended anti-monarchy campaign, which also involved Facla, a newspaper edited by Mille's son-in-law,[36] the republican and socialist journalist N. D. Cocea, as well as Romanian anarchist milieus.[38] In 1912, it participated in one of Cocea's publicity stunts, during which the Facla editor, together with his colleague, poet Tudor Arghezi, simulated their own trial for lèse majesté, by reporting the mock procedures and hosting advertisements for Facla.[38] Like Facla itself, Adevărul circulated stereotypical satires of Carol I, constantly referring to him as neamțul ("the German" in colloquial terms) or căpușa ("the tick").[38]
In 1912, the combined circulation of Adevărul and Dimineața exceeded 100,000 copies, bringing it a revenue of 1 million lei;[12] the two periodicals assessed that, between January and August 1914, they had printed some 1,284 tons of paper.[39] Adevărul had become the highestgrossing, but also the highest-paying press venue, and consequently the most sought-after employer: in 1913, it had a writing and technical staff of 250 people (whose salaries amounted to some 540,000 lei), in addition to whom it employed 60 correspondents and 1,800 official distributors.[12] Adevărul reportedly had a notoriously stiff editorial policy, outlined by Mille and applied by his administrative editor Sache Petreanu, whereby it taxed the proofreaders for each typo.[12][14] Mille himself repeatedly urged his employees to keep up with the events, decking the walls with portraits of 19th-century newspaperman Zaharia Carcalechi, infamous for his professional lassitude.[5] In addition to establishing permanent telephone links within Austria-Hungary (in both Vienna and Budapest), Adevărul maintained a regular correspondence with various Balkan capitals, and pioneered shorthand in transcribing interviews.[6] Among its indigenous journalists to be sent on special assignment abroad were Emil Fagure and Barbu Brănișteanu, who reported on the 1908 Young Turk Revolution from inside the Ottoman Empire, as well as from the Principality of Bulgaria and the Kingdom of Serbia.[6] The newspaper was nevertheless subject to a practical joke played by its correspondent, future writer Victor Eftimiu: instead of continuing his Adevărul-sponsored trip to France, Eftimiu stopped in Vienna, and compiled his "Letters from Paris" column from the press articles he read at Café Arkaden.[40]
Adevărul's coverage of the international scene gave Romanians a window to political and cultural turmoil. By 1908, Adevărul was covering the burgeoning European avant-garde, offering mixed reviews to Futurism and deploring the supposed end of literary realism.[41] In late 1910, claiming to speak for "the democratic world", it celebrated the Portuguese republican revolt.[42] The efforts made for establishing and preserving international connections, Adevărul claimed, made it one of the first papers in the world to report some other events of continental importance: the 1911 food riots in Vienna, the outbreak of the First Balkan War, and the diplomatic conflict between the Greek and Bulgarian Kingdoms in the run-up to the Second Balkan War.[6] During the latter showdowns, Adevărul also employed several literary and political personalities as its correspondents: the paper's future manager Iacob Rosenthal in Sofia, Serbian journalist Pera Taletov in Belgrade, Romanian writer Argentina Monteoru in Istanbul, and Prince Albert Gjika in Cetinje.[6] In July 1913, the newspaper reported extensively on massacres committed by the Hellenic Army in Dojran, Kilkis and other settlements of Macedonia, while discussing the "terror regime" instituted in Bulgaria by Tsar Ferdinand I.[43] Later the same month, as Romania joined the anti-Bulgarian coalition and her troops entered Southern Dobruja, Adevărul gave coverage to the spread of cholera among soldiers, accusing the Conservative executive headed by Titu Maiorescu of hiding its actual toll.[44]
Also at that stage, the newspaper had become known for organizing raffles, which provided winners with expensive prizes, such as real estate and furniture.[12] It was also the first periodical to have established itself in the countryside, a record secured through a special contract with the Romanian Post, whereby postmen acted as press distributors, allowing some 300 press storage rooms to be established nationally.[5][12] Political differences of the period, pitting Adevărul editors against National Liberal politicos, threatened this monopoly: under National Liberal cabinets, the Post was prevented from distributing the newspaper, leading it to rely on subscriptions and private distributors.[12] Famous among the latter were Bucharest paperboys, who advertised Adevărul with political songs such as the republican anthem La Marseillaise.[12]
World War I
After the outbreak of World War I, the newspaper further divided the surviving socialist camp by swinging into the interventionist group, calling for a declaration of war against the Central Powers.[45] This position was more compatible with that of newspapers like Universul, Flacăra, Furnica or Epoca, clashing with the socialist press, the Poporanists, and Germanophile gazettes such as Seara, Steagul, Minerva or Opinia.[46] According to historian Lucian Boia, this stance was partly explained by the Jewish origin of its panelists, who, as advocates of assimilation, wanted to identify with the Romanian cultural nationalism and
irredenta; an exception was the Germanophile Brănișteanu, for a while Bucharest demonstration in favor of Romania's entry into marginalized within the group.[47] World War I (1915 or 1916).
Adevărul agitated with energy against Austria-Hungary on the Transylvanian
issue, while giving less exposure to the problems of Romanians in Russian-held Bessarabia. This was a programmatic choice, outlined by Transylvanian academic Ioan Ursu in a September 1914 article for Adevărul, where Russophobia was condemned as a canard.[48] Over the course of 1914, the aging historian A. D. Xenopol also made Adevărul the host of his interventionist essays, later collected as a volume.[49] In early winter 1915, Adevărul publicized the visit of British scholar Robert William Seton-Watson, who campaigned in favor of the Entente Powers and supported the interventionist Cultural League for the Unity of All Romanians. In his interview with Adevărul, Seton-Watson identified the goals of Romanians with those of Serbs and Croats, stressing that their common interest called for the partition of AustriaHungary, ending what he called "the brutal and artificial domination of the Magyar race".[50] One of the newspaper's own articles, published in April 1916, focused on the ethnic German Transylvanian Saxons and their relationship with Romanians in Austria-Hungary, claiming: "Except for the Hungarians, we had throughout our history, just as we have today, an enemy just as irreducible and who would desire our disappearance just as much: the Saxon people."[51] According to literary historian Dumitru Hîncu, such discourse was replicated by other pro-Entente venues, marking a temporary break with a local tradition of more positive ethnic stereotypes regarding the Germans.[51]
The interventionist campaign peaked in summer 1916, when it became apparent that Ion I. C. Brătianu's National Liberal cabinet was pondering Romania's entry into the conflict on the Entente side (see Romania during World War I). Mille himself explained the war as a "corrective" answer to Romania's social problems and a "diversion" for the rebellion-minded peasants.[52] The newspaper, described by American scholar Glenn E. Torrey as "sensationalist", provided enthusiastic accounts of the Russians' Brusilov Offensive, which had stabilized the Eastern Front in Romania's proximity, announcing that the "supreme moment" for Romania's intervention had arrived.[53] This attitude resulted in a clash between Adevărul on one side and Romania's new dominant socialist faction, the Social Democratic Party of Romania (PSDR) and the socialist-controlled labor movement on the other. The newspaper reported the official government position on the bloody confrontations between workers and Romanian Army troops in the city of Galați.[54] Using a style Torrey describes as "inflammatory", Adevărul also attacked PSDR leader Christian Rakovsky, co-founder of the anti-interventionist and internationalist Zimmerwald Movement, accusing him of being an "adventurer" and hireling of the German Empire.[55] In a 1915 letter to Zimmerwald promoter Leon Trotsky, Rakovsky himself claimed that Mille had been corrupted by Take Ionescu, leader of the pro-Entente Conservative-Democratic Party, and that his newspapers issued propaganda "under the mask of independence".[56]
Romania eventually signed the 1916 Treaty of Bucharest, committing herself to the Entente cause. Its intervention in the war was nevertheless ill-fated, and resulted in the occupation of Bucharest and much of the surrounding regions by the Central Powers, with the Romanian authorities taking refuge in Iași. While Mille himself fled to Iași and later Paris, his newspapers were banned by the German authorities and the Sărindar headquarters became home to the German-language official mouthpiece, Bukarester Tageblatt.[5][13][22] Brănișteanu, who did not join in the exodus, worked with Constantin Stere on the Germanophile paper Lumina.[57] In early 1919, as the Germans lost the war, Mille returned and both Adevărul and Dimineața were again in print.[5][13][22] In later years, Adevărul's Constantin Costa-Foru covered in detail and with noted clemency the trials of various "collaborationist" journalists, including some of its former and future contributors (Stere, Tudor Arghezi, Saniel Grossman).[58] The newspaper was by then also reporting about Seton-Watson's disappointment with post-war Greater Romania and the centralist agenda of its founders.[59]
1919 edition
Early interwar years
Once reestablished, Adevărul became a dominant newspaper of the interwar period and preserved its formative role for popular culture, being joined in its leftist niche some other widely circulated periodicals (Cuvântul Liber, Rampa etc.).[60] More serious competition came from its old rival Universul, which now surpassed it in popularity at a national level.[61] By 1934, Adevărul and Dimineața still boasted a combined

Evidence towards Dr. Marinescu’s leadership role as President of the MIT Postdoctoral Association
1.	Statistics about the faculty and research staff at MIT.
2.	Newsletter about the MIT postdoc population, and their importance towards groundbreaking research done at MIT.
3.	Welcome Letter from Prof. Maria Zuber, MIT VP for Research, on Dr. Marinescu’s initial election as Vice-President of the MIT PDA.
4.	Email from XX, MIT PDA advisor, confirming Dr. Marinescu stepping up to the President role of MIT PDA.
5.	Screenshot from MIT PDA website, confirming Dr. Marinescu as President during 2019-2020
(https://pda.mit.edu/about/previous-pda-officers/).
6.	Diploma of appreciation from the MIT VP for Research.
7.	Achievements	of	the	MIT	PDA,	as	listed	on	the	MIT	PDA	website
(https://pda.mit.edu/advocacy/achievements/).


                                     Exhibit 20
Evidence towards Dr. Marinescu’s leadership role in the organization of
TADPOLE Challenge
1.	Email from Dr. Marinescu towards all TADPOLE participants and advisors, regarding the announcement of the competition’s final results.
2.	Email from Dr. Marinescu towards all TADPOLE participants and advisors, announcing the submission of the manuscript towards a journal publication.
3.	Email from Dr. Marinescu towards the organisation of a Featured Research Session on TADPOLE Challenge at the Alzheimer’s Association International Conference.
4.	Screenshot from the oral presentation given by Dr. Marinescu on the final results of TADPOLE Challenge, at the Alzheimer’s Association International Conference.
(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wYHS9OW-Dv8)
5.	First pages of three articles authored by Dr. Marinescu on the TADPOLE Challenge, confirming his leadership role through first-authorship.
123

                Exhibit 21
Number of citations of top-5 articles in top 100 publications worldwide
         Exhibit 22


	 	Top publications
		Categories  	English
h5-index is the h-index for articles published in the last 5 complete years. It is the largest number h such that h articles published in 2015-2019 have at least h citations each. Hide
	Publication	h5-index	h5-median
		1.	Nature	376	552
		2.	The New England Journal of Medicine	365	639
		3.	Science	356	526
		4.	The Lancet	301	493
		5.	IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition	299	509
		6.	Advanced Materials	273	369
		7.	Nature Communications	273	366
		8.	Cell	269	417
		9.	Chemical Reviews	267	438
		10.	Chemical Society reviews	240	368
		11.	Journal of the American Chemical Society	236	324
		12.	Angewandte Chemie	229	316
		13.	Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences	228	299
		14.	JAMA	220	337
		15.	Nucleic Acids Research	219	475
		16.	Physical Review Letters	209	288
		17.	International Conference on Learning Representations	203	359
		18.	Journal of Clinical Oncology	202	300
		19.	Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews	201	263
		20.	Energy & Environmental Science	199	289
		21.	Neural Information Processing Systems	198	377
		22.	ACS Nano	193	257
		23.	Nature Materials	184	283
		24.	The Lancet Oncology	183	300
		25.	Nano Letters	183	241
		26.	Advanced Energy Materials	181	250
		27.	Nature Genetics	180	266
		28.	Scientific Reports	178	226
		29.	IEEE/CVF International Conference on Computer Vision	176	295
		30.	PLoS ONE	175	237
		31.	Nature Medicine	173	288
		32.	Advanced Functional Materials	172	221
		33.	International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML)	171	309
		34.	The Astrophysical Journal	167	231


	35.	Circulation	166	260
	36.	Journal of the American College of Cardiology	164	232
	37.	Journal of Materials Chemistry A	161	216
	38.	Nature Nanotechnology	160	272
	39.	ACS Applied Materials & Interfaces	160	200
	40.	Journal of High Energy Physics	158	209
	41.	Nature Biotechnology	154	269
	42.	Journal of Cleaner Production	154	208
	43.	Neuron	154	199
	44.	European Heart Journal	153	245
	45.	Applied Catalysis B: Environmental	153	189
	46.	Nature Neuroscience	152	219
	47.	Nature Methods	151	242
	48.	BMJ	150	222
	49.	Accounts of Chemical Research	149	220
	50.	Gastroenterology	148	222
	51.	Physical Review D	148	208
	52.	Blood, The Journal of the American Society of Hematology	148	192
	53.	Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews	147	218
	54.	Nano Energy	147	192
	55.	American Economic Review	146	227
	56.	ACS Catalysis	146	207
	57.	Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society	146	193
	58.	European Conference on Computer Vision	144	286
	59.	Nature Photonics	144	245
	60.	Computers in Human Behavior	144	198
	61.	Applied Energy	143	185
	62.	Science Advances	142	213
	63.	Nature Physics	140	217
	64.	Chemistry of Materials	140	189
	65.	IEEE Communications Surveys & Tutorials	138	248
	66.	Environmental Science & Technology	138	185
	67.	Nature Reviews. Molecular Cell Biology	137	264
	68.	Immunity	137	204
	69.	Cell Metabolism	137	191
	70.	Nature Climate Change	136	213
	71.	Science Translational Medicine	136	202
	72.	Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL)	135	220
	73.	Chemical engineering journal	134	171
	74.	Molecular Cell	133	181
	75.	Clinical Cancer Research	133	177
	76.	Chemical communications (Cambridge, England)	132	158
	77.	IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence	131	261

		78.	Science of The Total Environment	131	176
		79.	Nanoscale	131	169
		80.	IEEE Communications Magazine	130	190
		81.	Nature Immunology	130	189
		82.	Journal of Hepatology	130	188
		83.	European Urology	130	187
		84.	The Journal of Clinical Investigation	130	179
		85.	Nature Energy	129	235
		86.	The Lancet Infectious Diseases	129	189
		87.	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	129	174
		88.	Cell Reports	128	165
		89.	Physical Review B	128	156
		90.	Nature Reviews Cancer	127	246
		91.	Diabetes Care	127	209
		92.	The Journal of Physical Chemistry Letters	127	193
		93.	Circulation Research	127	187
		94.	Annals of the Rheumatic Diseases	127	183
		95.	eLife	127	159
		96.	AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence	126	183
		97.	Bioinformatics	125	207
		98.	Annals of Oncology	125	199
		99.	Nature Reviews Immunology	124	265
		100.	Gut	124	193
	Dates and citation counts are estimated and are determined automatically by a computer program.
	Help	Privacy	Terms

Exhibit 22
Number of citations of top 1% authors percentile according to the ESI index, by research field.
• For Computer Science, having 320 citations as an author classifies one within top 1% of researchers worldwide.
128
	Clarivate Analytics  |  InCites Essential Science Indicators  | Quick Reference Guide	3
Citation Thresholds
View the minimum number of citations required to be ranked as a top author, institution, journal, country, or paper in each of the  22 research fields in Essential Science Indicators
Field Baselines  Baselines are annualized expected citation rates for papers in a research field. View baselines for Citation
Rates, Percentiles, and Field Rankings (see the Glossary section for more info)

Glossary
Citation Rates
Average citation rates are calculated for each year of the 10-year period, based on accumulated citations from the year of publication to the most current bimonthly update. Averages are calculated by adding the citation counts of individual papers and dividing by the number of papers. An average for the full 10-year period is also given in All Years.
Field Rankings
Field Rankings displays total papers, total citations received, citations per paper, and Hot and Highly Cited papers in each field.
Percentiles
The term ”percentile” designates a citation threshold at or above that at which a fixed fraction of the papers fall. This term is used to denote any fixed fraction of top papers ordered by citation count. The levels we have selected for listing by field and year are 0.01%, 0.1%, 1.0%, 10%, 20%, and 50%.
Research Fronts
A group of Highly Cited papers, referred to as “core papers,” in a specialized topic defined by co-citation analysis. Since the assignment of papers to a Research Front is not based on the journal categories used in Essential Science Indicators, Research Fronts offer an alternative classification scheme for Highly Cited papers.

Clarivate Analytics  |  InCites Essential Science Indicators  | Quick Reference Guide	4
Thresholds required for an entity or paper’s inclusion in Essential Science Indicators
	Citation  percentile	Years of data examined
Scientists	1%	10
Institutions	1%	10
Countries	50%	10
Journals	50%	10
Highly Cited Papers	1%	10
Hot Papers	.1%	2

Top papers
•	Highly Cited Papers: The top-cited papers over the last 10 years in 22 scientific fields. Rankings are based on meeting a threshold of the top 1% by field and year based on total citations received.
•	Hot Papers: Papers published in the past two years that receive enough citations during the most recent bimonthly update to place them in the top 0.1%when compared to peer papers.
Getting help
Click the Help button on any page to get detailed help on features, as well as detailed examples.
Stay informed about Essential Science Indicators at: clarivate.com/products/essential-science-indicators/ Contact the Technical Help Desk for your region at: ipscience.thomsonreuters.com/support/ Contact the education team at:  clarivate.libwizard.com/contact-training For ongoing recorded and live Web-based training:  clarivate.libguides.com/home

North America
Philadelphia:  	+1 800 336 4474
 	+1 215 386 0100
Latin America
Brazil:  	+55 11 8370 9845
Other countries: +1 215 823 5674
08.2017
© 2017 Clarivate Analytics
Europe, Middle East  and Africa London:  +44 20 7433 4000
Asia Pacific
Singapore:  	+65 6775 5088
Tokyo:  	+81 3 5218 6500 clarivate.com


EXhibit 23
Confirmation of PhD degree and Diploma of Dr. Marinescu issued by University College London, alongside confirmation of MEng degree and transcript of Dr.
Marinescu issued by Imperial College London

Exhibit 24
Offer letter of Dr. Marinescu in the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence
Laboratory at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology

 Exhibit 25
First pages of 6 additional publications authored by Dr. Marinescu
1.	Marinescu, Razvan V., et al. ”Disease knowledge transfer across neurodegenerative diseases.” International Conference on Medical Image Computing and Computer-Assisted Intervention. Springer, Cham, 2019.
2.	Marinescu, Razvan V., et al. ”BrainPainter: A software for the visualisation of brain structures, biomarkers and associated pathological processes.” Multimodal brain image analysis and mathematical foundations of computational anatomy. Springer, Cham, 2019. 112-120.
3.	Young, Alexandra L., Oxtoby, Neil P., Huang, J., Marinescu, Razvan V., et al, ”Multiple orderings of events in disease progression”. In International Conference on Information Processing in Medical Imaging (pp. 711-722). Springer, Cham, 2015
4.	Wijeratne, P. A., Young, A. L., Oxtoby, N. P., Marinescu, Razvan V. et al, ”An imagebased model of brain volume biomarker changes in Huntington’s disease”. Annals of clinical and translational neurology, 5(5), 570-582, 2018
5.	Slator, Paddy J., Hutter, Jana, Marinescu, Razvan V., et al. ”InSpect: INtegrated SPECTral component estimation and mapping for multi-contrast microstructural MRI.” International Conference on Information Processing in Medical Imaging. Springer, Cham, 2019.
6.	Garbarino, Sara, Marco Lorenzi, Neil P. Oxtoby, Elisabeth J. Vinke, Marinescu, Razvan V. et al., ”Differences in topological progression profile among neurodegenerative diseases from imaging data.” Elife 8 (2019): e49298.

Exibit 26
